Pride and Prejudice
Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus
Twenty years after
Grimms' Fairy Tales
The Count of Monte Cristo
Les Misérables
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
The Scarlet Letter
Emma
Sense and Sensibility
The Critique of Pure Reason
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe — Volume 2
Persuasion
Don Juan
On War
Struwwelpeter: Merry Stories and Funny Pictures
The Sorrows of Young Werther
Faust [part 1]. Translated Into English in the Original Metres
Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus
Childe Harold's Pilgrimage
The Comic Poems of Thomas Hood: A New and Complete Edition
Democracy in America — Volume 1
A Pickle for the Knowing Ones
Common Sense
On the Origin of Species By Means of Natural Selection: Or, the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe — Volume 1
On Liberty
Northanger Abbey
Songs of Innocence and of Experience
Notre-Dame de Paris
The Vampyre; a Tale
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
The Lady of the Lake
The three musketeers
Mansfield Park
The Declaration of Independence of the United States of America
The Fall of the House of Usher
The Federalist Papers
Essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson
Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus
Ivanhoe: A Romance
Twelve Years a Slave: Narrative of Solomon Northup, a Citizen of New-York, Kidnapped in Washington City in 1841, and Rescued in 1853, from a Cotton Plantation near the Red River in Louisiana
Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare
Roget's Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases
Andersen's Fairy Tales
The Masque of the Red Death
The World as Will and Idea (Vol. 1 of 3)
The Cask of Amontillado
Mosses from an old manse
Lamia
Dead Souls
The Raven
Democracy in America — Volume 2
Perpetual Peace: A Philosophical Essay
Grimms' Fairy Tales
On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and the Heroic in History
Essays of Schopenhauer
Mansfield Park
The Complete Poetical Works of Edgar Allan Poe: Including Essays on Poetry
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; Studies in Pessimism
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer: the Wisdom of Life
The Federalist Papers
Poems
Nature
The Last of the Mohicans; A narrative of 1757
Lyrical Ballads, With a Few Other Poems (1798)
The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection: Or, the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life, 6th Edition
The symbolism of Freemasonry : $b Illustrating and explaining its science and philosophy, its legends, myths and symbols
Pride and Prejudice
Roget's Thesaurus
Biographia Literaria
The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket: Comprising the details of a mutiny and atrocious butchery on board the American brig Grampus, on her way to the South Seas, in the month of June, 1827.
The Legends of King Arthur and His Knights
Lays of Ancient Rome
Miscellaneous Writings and Speeches — Volume 4
Pride and Prejudice
The Swiss Family Robinson
Theology in romance : $b or, the catechism and the Dermott family
The Spy
Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals
The Sailor's Word-Book: An Alphabetical Digest of Nautical Terms, including Some More Especially Military and Scientific, but Useful to Seamen; as well as Archaisms of Early Voyagers, etc.
A Bold Stroke for a Husband: A Comedy in Five Acts
The Man Who Laughs: A Romance of English History
Erotica Romana
Utilitarianism
Sense and Sensibility
Pride and Prejudice
Life in the sick-room : $b Essays
Letters of Two Brides
Emma
A lady of the last century
The School for Scandal
The Critique of Practical Reason
The Mysteries of Udolpho
Pride and Prejudice
The House of the Seven Gables
Napoleon's Letters to Josephine, 1796-1812: For the First Time Collected and Translated, with Notes Social, Historical, and Chronological, from Contemporary Sources
Confessions of an English Opium-Eater
The Sketch-Book of Geoffrey Crayon
The Art of War
Sartor Resartus: The Life and Opinions of Herr Teufelsdröckh
Marmion: A Tale Of Flodden Field
Sonnets from the Portuguese
Eugene Oneguine [Onegin]: A Romance of Russian Life in Verse
The Song of Hiawatha
The Red and the Black: A Chronicle of 1830
Idylls of the King
The story of the Iliad
The Scarlet Letter
Autobiography
The Letters of Jane Austen: Selected from the compilation of her great nephew, Edward, Lord Bradbourne
Love and Freindship [sic]
Fairy Tales of Hans Christian Andersen
Father Goriot
Le Corbeau = The Raven
Faust: A Tragedy
Keats: Poems Published in 1820
The Writings of Samuel Adams - Volume 2
Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus
The Subjection of Women
The Wonderful "One-Hoss-Shay", and Other Poems
Rambles in Germany and Italy in 1840, 1842, and 1843, vol. 1 of 2
McGuffey's First Eclectic Reader, Revised Edition
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; Counsels and Maxims
Rip Van Winkle
Alexander the Great
The Fairy Mythology: Illustrative of the Romance and Superstition of Various Countries
The Book of Mormon : $b an account written by the hand of Mormon, upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Principles of Political Economy: Abridged with Critical, Bibliographical, and Explanatory Notes, and a Sketch of the History of Political Economy
Lady Susan
The Federalist Papers
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven Edition: Table Of Contents And Index Of The Five Volumes
The Mantle, and Other Stories
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Complete
Sybil, Or, The Two Nations
McGuffey's Fourth Eclectic Reader
The History of a Crime: The Testimony of an Eye-Witness
Lincoln's Gettysburg Address: Given November 19, 1863 on the battlefield near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, USA
Travels in Ethiopia, above the second cataract of the Nile : $b exhibiting the state of that country, and its various inhabitants, under the dominion of Mohammed Ali; and illustrating the antiquities, arts, and history of the ancient kingdom of Meroe
The Monk: A Romance
Fragment of a novel written by Jane Austen, January-March 1817 : $b Now first printed from the manuscript
The Coming Race
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe — Volume 4
Tales from Shakespeare
Instructions in gardening for ladies
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe — Volume 5
The Art of Preserving All Kinds of Animal and Vegetable Substances for Several Years, 2nd ed.: A work published by the order of the French minister of the interior, on the report of the Board of arts and manufactures
The Swiss Family Robinson; or Adventures in a Desert Island
Abraham Lincoln's First Inaugural Address
The zoology of the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle [vol. 3 of 5] : $b Birds
The Queen of Spades, and other stories
Romano Lavo-Lil: Word Book of the Romany; Or, English Gypsy Language: With Specimens of Gypsy Poetry, and an Account of Certain Gypsyries or Places Inhabited by Them, and of Various Things Relating to Gypsy Life in England
Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales. Second Series
Toilers of the Sea
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
Twice-told tales
Goethe's Theory of Colours
History of the Protestants of France, from the commencement of the Reformation to the present time
McGuffey's Eclectic Primer, Revised Edition
The Man of Adamant: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
The Man in the Iron Mask
Eureka: A Prose Poem
Essays — First Series
The Principles of Masonic Law: A Treatise on the Constitutional Laws, Usages and Landmarks of Freemasonry
The Early Poems of Alfred Lord Tennyson
Annals and Antiquities of Rajasthan, v. 1 of 3: or the Central and Western Rajput States of India
Aesthetical Essays of Friedrich Schiller
Faust — Part 1
Grimm's Fairy Stories
The French Revolution: A History
The Memoirs, Correspondence, and Miscellanies, From the Papers of Thomas Jefferson: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Considerations on Representative Government
The Iliad for Boys and Girls
The Voyage of the Beagle
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Complete: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
The Last Man
Immortality proved by the testimony of sense : $b In which is contemplated the doctrine of spectres and the existence of a particular spectre
The Task, and Other Poems
The Princess
Kant's Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics
Sonnets from the Portuguese
Waverley; Or, 'Tis Sixty Years Since
The Officer's Manual: Napoleon's Maxims of War
Beethoven's Letters 1790-1826, Volume 1
Domestic Animals: History and description of the horse, mule, cattle, sheep, swine, poultry and farm dogs; with directions for their management, breeding, crossing, rearing, feeding, and preparation for a profitable market; also their diseases and remedies. Together with full directions for the management of the dairy.
The Journals of Lewis and Clark, 1804-1806
Maud, and Other Poems
Mathilda
Twas the Night before Christmas: A Visit from St. Nicholas
The Complete Project Gutenberg Works of Jane Austen: A Linked Index of all PG Editions of Jane Austen
The Works of Lord Byron. Vol. 5: Poetry
Pan Tadeusz; or, The last foray in Lithuania: a story of life among Polish gentlefolk in the years 1811 and 1812
The World as Will and Idea (Vol. 3 of 3)
Household Tales by Brothers Grimm
Grimm's Fairy Tales
The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex
Kant's Critique of Judgement
Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft
A Defence of Poetry and Other Essays
The Poet at the Breakfast-Table
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals
Endymion: A Poetic Romance
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; On Human Nature
Roman Sepulchral Inscriptions: Their Relation to Archæology, Language, and Religion
Carmen
The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table
Persuasion
Rambles in Germany and Italy in 1840, 1842, and 1843, vol. 2 of 2
The Works of Edgar Allan Poe — Volume 3
The Inspector-General
The Spy
An Inquiry Into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations
Abraham Lincoln's Second Inaugural Address
Letters of John Keats to His Family and Friends
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection
Tales from Shakespeare
Rob Roy — Complete
The Basis of Morality
The Great Stone Face, and Other Tales of the White Mountains
Tales and Stories: Now First Collected
The Law
Journals of Dorothy Wordsworth, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Proverbs of Scotland
Paul Clifford — Complete
The Pencil of Nature
Sarrasine
The poems of Heine; Complete: Translated into the original metres; with a sketch of his life
An Enquiry into the Obligations of Christians to Use Means for the Conversion of the Heathens: In Which the Religious State of the Different Nations of the World, the Success of Former Undertakings, and the Practicability of Further Undertakings, Are Considered
On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason, and On the Will in Nature: Two Essays (revised edition)
Zanoni
Bulfinch's Mythology
Household Stories by the Brothers Grimm
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 8 (of 9)
The Works of Lord Byron. Vol. 4
The Wandering Jew — Complete
Taras Bulba, and Other Tales
Peter the Great
Evelina, Or, the History of a Young Lady's Entrance into the World
Hegel's Philosophy of Mind
The uses of astronomy : $b An oration delivered at Albany on the 28th of July, 1856
Stories from Hans Andersen
Life in the Clearings
The Idea of a University Defined and Illustrated: In Nine Discourses Delivered to the Catholics of Dublin
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln, Complete
Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám, and Salámán and Absál: Together with a Life of Edward Fitzgerald and an Essay on Persian Poetry by Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Robbers
Sense and Sensibility
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Immanuel Kant
The Magic Skin
Proofs of a Conspiracy against all the Religions and Governments of Europe: carried on in the secret meetings of Free Masons, Illuminati, and reading societies.
Northanger Abbey
Scientific Studies; or, Practical, in Contrast with Chimerical Pursuits
Table Talk: Essays on Men and Manners
Roughing It in the Bush
On Love
A System of Logic, Ratiocinative and Inductive
Salem Witchcraft, Volumes I and II: With an Account of Salem Village and a History of Opinions on Witchcraft and Kindred Subjects
An Etymological Dictionary of the Scottish Language: in which the words are explained in their different senses, authorized by the names of the writers by whom they are used, or the titles of the works in which they occur, and deduced from their originals
Undine
The black tulip
Songs of Innocence and of Experience
Charlotte Temple
Knickerbocker's History of New York, Complete
Apologia pro vita sua
The Pioneers; Or, The Sources of the Susquehanna
The Female Quixote; or, The Adventures of Arabella, v. 1-2
The Writings of Thomas Paine, Complete: With Index to Volumes I - IV
The Raven
Canada and the Canadians, Vol. 1
Aurora Leigh
The Human Comedy: Introductions and Appendix
Andersen's Fairy Tales
McGuffey's Fifth Eclectic Reader
The Deerslayer
Gunnery in 1858: Being a Treatise on Rifles, Cannon, and Sporting Arms: Explaining the Principles of the Science of Gunnery, and Describing the Newest Improvements in Fire-Arms
Maxims and Reflections
The Blithedale Romance
Curiosities of Literature, Vol. 1
Autobiography of Ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak, or Black Hawk
Canada and the Canadians, Vol. 2
The World as Will and Idea (Vol. 2 of 3)
Essays — Second Series
Vathek; An Arabian Tale
Rural Rides
The Works of Lord Byron, Vol. 1. Poetry
Tales from Shakespeare
The Antiquary — Complete
The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner
The Works of Lord Byron: Letters and Journals. Vol. 1
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Arthur Schopenhauer
Eccentricities of the Animal Creation.
The Autobiography of Goethe: Truth and Poetry: From My Own Life
Wieland; Or, The Transformation: An American Tale
A Plain Cookery Book for the Working Classes
The Bells, and Other Poems
The Age of Fable
The Posthumous Works of Thomas De Quincey,  Vol. 1
The Ruins; Or, Meditation on the Revolutions of Empires and the Law of Nature
The Thirteen
The Complete Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley — Complete
Wilhelm Tell
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Complete
The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government, Volume 1
A Treatise on Domestic Economy; For the Use of Young Ladies at Home and at School
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin
Poems: Household Edition
The English Spy: An Original Work Characteristic, Satirical, And Humorous.: Comprising Scenes And Sketches In Every Rank Of Society, Being Portraits Drawn From The Life
Aphrodisiacs and Anti-aphrodisiacs: Three Essays on the Powers of Reproduction
The Life of Jesus Critically Examined: (4th ed.)
The History of England, from the Accession of James II — Volume 1
Views of nature: or Contemplations on the sublime phenomena of creation: with scientific illustrations
The Bride of Lammermoor
The Last Days of Pompeii
True Stories of History and Biography
The History of England, from the Accession of: James II, vol1, chapter 05
The Virginia Housewife; Or, Methodical Cook
Wonderful Adventures of Mrs. Seacole in Many Lands
Targum: Or Metrical Translations From Thirty Languages And Dialects
The Unknown Masterpiece: 1845
Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales. First Series
The American Frugal Housewife
Argentina, Legend and History
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 3: With a Memoir and Index
The history of Sumatra : $b Containing an account of the government, laws, customs and manners of the native inhabitants
A System of Logic, Ratiocinative and Inductive (Vol. 1 of 2)
The Complete Poetical Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Manners, Customs, and Dress During the Middle Ages and During the Renaissance Period
On The Principles of Political Economy, and Taxation
The Vicomte de Bragelonne
The Writings of Thomas Paine — Volume 4 (1794-1796): The Age of Reason
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; the Art of Controversy
Flagg's The Far West, 1836-1837, part 2; and De Smet's Letters and Sketches, 1841-1842
The Prairie
The Works of Daniel Webster, Volume 1
The Talisman
A Wonder Book for Girls & Boys
Droll Stories — Complete: Collected from the Abbeys of Touraine
Les Misérables, v. 1/5: Fantine
Real Life In London, Volumes I. and II.: Or, The Rambles and Adventures of Bob Tallyho, Esq., and His Cousin, the Hon. Tom Dashall, Through the Metropolis; Exhibiting a Living Picture of Fashionable Characters, Manners, and Amusements in High and Low Life (1821)
The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Complete
Old French Fairy Tales
Cathay
McGuffey's Third Eclectic Reader
Fifty Years in the Church of Rome
Castle Rackrent
Poems by William Cullen Bryant
The Betrothed: From the Italian of Alessandro Manzoni
Ninety-Three
The Alhambra
Old Christmas: from the Sketch Book of Washington Irving
Robinson Crusoe in Words of One Syllable
Brazil, the River Plate, and the Falkland Islands: With the Cape Horn route to Australia. Including notices of Lisbon, Madeira, the Canaries, and Cape Verde.
Eugenie Grandet
Journal of a Residence on a Georgian Plantation: 1838-1839
The Essence of Christianity: Translated from the second German edition
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; Religion, a Dialogue, Etc.
An Essay on the Development of Christian Doctrine
The Life of Horatio, Lord Nelson
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 3 (of 8)
A Dissertation upon Roast Pig
Passages from the Life of a Philosopher
Miscellaneous Essays
String Quartet in F Major, Op. 74 no. 2
Memoir of Jane Austen
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Botanic Garden. Part 2, Containing the Loves of the Plants. A Poem.: With Philosophical Notes.
The letters of Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett Barrett, Vol. 1 (of 2) 1845-1846
Morals and Dogma of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry
Principles of Geology: or, The Modern Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants Considered as Illustrative of Geology
The Prose Tales of Alexander Pushkin
Poems 1817
Zoonomia; Or, the Laws of Organic Life, Vol. I
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Sketch of the History of the Knights Templars: Second Edition
Animal Parasites and Messmates
The Mummy! A Tale of the Twenty-Second Century
Caleb Williams; Or, Things as They Are
The Serapion Brethren, Vol. I.
The Wild Irish Girl: A National Tale
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England, Volume 1 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe, volume 1
A Dictionary of Arts, Manufactures and Mines: containing a clear exposition of their principles and practice
The snow-image, and other twice-told tales
Tanglewood Tales
The Grammar of English Grammars
Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship and Travels, Vol. I (of 2)
Celebrated Crimes (Complete)
The Complete Works of Robert Burns: Containing his Poems, Songs, and Correspondence.: With a New Life of the Poet, and Notices, Critical and Biographical by Allan Cunningham
A Pocket Dictionary: Welsh-English
The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer; The Art of Literature
The Prose Writings of Heinrich Heine
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 1 (of 8)
The Night-Side of Nature; Or, Ghosts and Ghost-Seers
The Atlas of Ancient and Classical Geography
A Sicilian Romance
The History of England, from the Accession of James II, Volume 1, Chapter 04
Tales of a Wayside Inn
The Children's Longfellow: Told in Prose
Adonais
The Lectures on Faith
History of England from the Accession of James II, vol2 chapter08
Hegel's Lectures on the History of Philosophy: Volume 1 (of 3)
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection: or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life. (2nd edition)
The Flower of the Flock, Volume 3 (of 3)
Scenes from a Courtesan's Life
Characters of Shakespeare's Plays
The Heart of Mid-Lothian, Complete
Titan: A Romance. v. 2 (of 2)
The Jewish Manual: Practical Information in Jewish and Modern Cookery with a Collection of Valuable Recipes & Hints Relating to the Toilette
Handy Andy: A Tale of Irish Life. Volume 2
Socialism
The Sleeping Beauty and other fairy tales from the Old French
Cathay
Johann Sebastian Bach: His Life, Art, and Work
The Every Day Book of History and Chronology: Embracing the Anniversaries of Memorable Persons and Events in Every Period and State of the World, from the Creation to the Present Time
Merrie England in the Olden Time, Vol. 1
The History of Java, v. 1-2
Boris Godunov: a drama in verse
Past and Present: Thomas Carlyle's Collected Works, Vol. XIII.
Merrie England in the Olden Time, Vol. 2
At the Sign of the Cat and Racket
Cousin Betty
The Ingoldsby Legends; or, Mirth and Marvels
A Greek-English Lexicon to the New Testament
Lucretia — Complete
Domestic Manners of the Americans
A Practical Treatise on Gas-light: Exhibiting a Summary Description of the Apparatus and Machinery Best Calculated for Illuminating Streets, Houses, and Manufactories, with Carburetted Hydrogen, or Coal-Gas, with Remarks on the Utility, Safety, and General Nature of this new Branch of Civil Economy.
The History of England, from the Accession: of James II, Vol2 Chapter 6
Portrait and Biography of Parson Brownlow, The Tennessee Patriot
Annals and Antiquities of Rajasthan, v. 3 of 3: or the Central and Western Rajput States of India
O. T., A Danish Romance
A Narrative of the Life of David Crockett, of the State of Tennessee.
The Writings of Thomas Paine — Volume 1 (1774-1779): The American Crisis
Letters from Switzerland and Travels in Italy
Guy Mannering; or, The Astrologer — Complete
American Woman's Home: Or, Principles of Domestic Science;: Being a Guide to the Formation and Maintenance of Economical, Healthful, Beautiful, and Christian Homes
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Complete
Old Mortality, Complete
The Works of Lord Byron. Vol. 3
La Sorcière: The Witch of the Middle Ages
Magic and Witchcraft
La Légende des Siècles
Experimental Researches in Electricity, Volume 1
The Chemical History of a Candle
Poems of William Blake
Journal of Researches into the Natural History and Geology of the Countries Visited During the Voyage Round the World of H.M.S. Beagle Under the Command of Captain Fitz Roy, R.N.
The Declaration of Independence of The United States of America
Sonnet 43
Apologia pro vita sua : $b being a history of his religious opinions
Letter on Corpulence, Addressed to the Public
Familiar Letters on Chemistry, and Its Relation to Commerce, Physiology, and Agriculture
Poems, 1799
A Treatise on Adulterations of Food, and Culinary Poisons: Exhibiting the Fraudulent Sophistications of Bread, Beer, Wine, Spiritous Liquors, Tea, Coffee, Cream, Confectionery, Vinegar, Mustard, Pepper, Cheese, Olive Oil, Pickles, and Other Articles Employed in Domestic Economy
Pride and Prejudice, a play founded on Jane Austen's novel
The Conduct of Life
The Fortunes of Nigel
Lancashire Folk-lore: Illustrative of the Superstitious Beliefs and Practices, Local Customs and Usages of the People of the County Palatine
The Round Towers of Ireland; or, The History of the Tuath-De-Danaans
Mary Stuart: A Tragedy
McGuffey's Second Eclectic Reader
The Works of Balzac: A linked index to all Project Gutenberg editions
Sketches in Canada, and rambles among the red men
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Volume 1
Callista : a Tale of the Third Century
The Physiology of Marriage, Complete
Curiosities of Literature,  Vol. 2
Annals and Antiquities of Rajasthan, v. 2 of 3: or the Central and Western Rajput States of India
A Woman's Journey Round the World: From Vienna to Brazil, Chili, Tahiti, China, Hindostan, Persia and Asia Minor
The Complete Poetical Works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Vol 1 and 2
Beethoven's Letters 1790-1826, Volume 2
Man and Nature; Or, Physical Geography as Modified by Human Action
The Adventures of a Pincushion, Designed Chiefly for the Use of Young Ladies
Webster's Unabridged Dictionary (1st 100 Pages)
Faust: a Tragedy [part 1], Translated from the German of Goethe
The Mission to Siam, and Hué, the Capital of Cochin China, in the Years 1821-2
A Passion in the Desert
Aids to Reflection; and, The Confessions of an Inquiring Spirit
The Works of Lord Byron. Vol. 2
The Marble Faun; Or, The Romance of Monte Beni - Volume 1
The Botanic Garden, a Poem in Two Parts. Part 1: the Economy of Vegetation
The Government of God
Alexander the Great: Makers of History
History of Lace
Latter-Day Pamphlets
The Diary and Letters of Madame D'Arblay — Volume 1
McGuffey's Sixth Eclectic Reader
The Memoirs of Harriette Wilson, Volumes One and Two: Written by Herself
Domestic Cookery, Useful Receipts, and Hints to Young Housekeepers
Eothen; with an Introduction and Notes
Colonel Chabert
The Old English Baron: a Gothic Story
William Shakespeare
Catherine De Medici
The History of England, from the Accession of: James II, vol1, chapter 03
Loss and Gain: The Story of a Convert
History of Frederick the Second, Called Frederick the Great.
Representative Men: Seven Lectures
Rambles and Recollections of an Indian Official
Rural Architecture: Being a Complete Description of Farm Houses, Cottages, and Out Buildings
Poems: With Introduction and Notes
What is Property? An Inquiry into the Principle of Right and of Government
Henry of Ofterdingen: A Romance.
History of Julius Cæsar, Vol. 1 of 2
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Lord Byron
Tales of a Traveller
The Vicomte de Bragelonne; Or, Ten Years Later: Being the completion of "The Three Musketeers" and "Twenty Years After"
The Phantom-Wooer
The Temple of Nature; or, the Origin of Society: A Poem, with Philosophical Notes
Zoological Illustrations, Volume 2: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Complete
Massacres of the South (1551-1815): Celebrated Crimes
The Monastery
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 1 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
An Account of the English Colony in New South Wales, Volume 1: With Remarks on the Dispositions, Customs, Manners, Etc. of The; Native Inhabitants of That Country. to Which Are Added, Some; Particulars of New Zealand; Compiled, By Permission, From; The Mss.         of Lieutenant-Governor King.
An Account of The Kingdom of Nepal: And of the Territories Annexed to this Dominion by the House of Gorkha
The Expeditions of Zebulon Montgomery Pike, Volume 1 (of 3): To Headwaters of the Mississippi River Through Louisiana Territory, and in New Spain, During the Years 1805-6-7.
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 2: With a Memoir and Index
In memoriam
Elsie Venner
Earth's Holocaust (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Quentin Durward
The Hero of the People: A Historical Romance of Love, Liberty and Loyalty
An Essay on the Principle of Population
Recollections of a Tour Made in Scotland A.D. 1803
The Girl with the Golden Eyes
The Bible in Spain, Vol. 2 [of 2]: Or, the Journeys, Adventures, and Imprisonments of an Englishman in an Attempt to Circulate the Scriptures in the Peninsula
Vivian Grey
Iphigenia in Tauris
Egmont
Tales and Novels — Volume 03: Belinda
Narrative of a Mission to Central Africa Performed in the Years 1850-51, Volume 2: Under the Orders and at the Expense of Her Majesty's Government
The Gentleman and Lady's Book of Politeness and Propriety of Deportment, Dedicated to the Youth of Both Sexes
Facts and Speculations on the Origin and History of Playing Cards
The Watsons: By Jane Austen, Concluded by L. Oulton
Elements of Gaelic Grammar
The Genius of Scotland; or, Sketches of Scottish Scenery, Literature and Religion
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Volume 6
The Man of Feeling
Journal of a Voyage to Brazil: And Residence There During Part of the Years 1821, 1822, 1823
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of the Brothers Grimm
String Quartet No. 01 in F major Opus 18
A Strange Story — Complete
Lost Illusions
The History of England, from the Accession of James II, Volume 1, Chapter 02
Snowdrop & Other Tales
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 7: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
History of Friedrich II. of Prussia: Frederick The Great—Complete Table of Contents: 22 Volumes
The Poetical Works of Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton, Bart. M.P.
The History of the Crusades (vol. 1 of 3)
The Tapestried Chamber, and Death of the Laird's Jock
The English Mail-Coach and Joan of Arc
The Fair Maid of Perth; Or, St. Valentine's Day
The Poetical Works of Thomas Hood
The True Story of My Life: A Sketch
Hernando Cortez: Makers of History
Knowledge for the Time: A Manual of Reading, Reference, and Conversation on Subjects of Living Interest, Useful Curiosity, and Amusing Research
The Canon of the Bible
The Raven, and The Philosophy of Composition
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 1: With a Memoir and Index
The Christian Year
The Age of Chivalry
A Dream within a Dream
Society in America, Volume 1 (of 2)
String Quartet No. 09 in C major Opus 59
The Parables of Our Lord
Dangerous Connections, v. 1, 2, 3, 4: A Series of Letters, selected from the Correspondence of a Private Circle; and Published for the Instruction of Society.
The Memoirs of Victor Hugo
Marguerite de Valois
The Epidemics of the Middle Ages
A Narrative of the Life of Mrs. Mary Jemison
Sartor Resartus, and  On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and the Heroic in History
Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Beaumont and Fletcher
The Works of Lord Byron, Vol. 7. Poetry
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 07 (of 12)
Memoirs of General Lafayette: With an Account of His Visit to America and His Reception By the People of the United States; From His Arrival, August 15th, to the Celebration at Yorktown, October 19th, 1824.
The Classic Myths in English Literature and in Art (2nd ed.) (1911): Based Originally on Bulfinch's "Age of Fable" (1855)
The Pathfinder; Or, The Inland Sea
A Manual of Elementary Geology: or, The Ancient Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants as Illustrated by Geological Monuments
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 1: Miscellaneous Prose
Guernsey Folk Lore: a collection of popular superstitions, legendary tales, peculiar customs, proverbs, weather sayings, etc., of the people of that island
Tom Cringle's Log
A Budget of Paradoxes, Volume II
Weird Tales. Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Pastor's Fire-side Vol. 3 (of 4)
Minstrelsy of the Scottish border, Volume 1
Narrative of a Mission to Central Africa Performed in the Years 1850-51, Volume 1: Under the Orders and at the Expense of Her Majesty's Government
The Lily of the Valley
The Voyage of Governor Phillip to Botany Bay: With an Account of the Establishment of the Colonies of Port Jackson and Norfolk Island (1789)
Hazlitt on English Literature: An Introduction to the Appreciation of Literature
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 3 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century
The True History of Tom & Jerry: or, The Day and Night Scenes, of Life in London from the Start to the Finish!
History of the Conquest of Mexico; vol. 1/4
Seraphita
The Children's Own Longfellow
A Budget of Paradoxes, Volume I
Beauty: Illustrated Chiefly by an Analysis and Classificatin of Beauty in Woman
A New System; or, an Analysis of Antient Mythology. Volume 1 (of 6)
The Tiger
The Works of William Hogarth: In a Series of Engravings: With Descriptions, and a Comment on Their Moral Tendency
Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales
Another Study of Woman
Ten Years Later
The Galley Slave's Ring; or, The Family of Lebrenn: A Tale of The French Revolution of 1848
The Letters of Elizabeth Barrett Browning (Volume 1 of 2)
A Simple Story
The Children of the New Forest
The Shepherd of Salisbury Plain, and Other Tales
Letters of John Keats to Fanny Brawne: Written in the years MDCCCXIX and MDCCCXX and now given from the original manuscripts
Napoleon Bonaparte
The Works of William Cowper: His life, letters, and poems, now first completed by the introduction of Cowper's private correspondence
String Quartet No. 02 in G major Opus 18
Journal of an Expedition into the Interior of Tropical Australia, in Search of a Route from Sydney to the Gulf of Carpentaria (1848)
Letters of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Letters from a Farmer in Pennsylvania, to the Inhabitants of the British Colonies
The Logic of Hegel
Monsieur Cherami
Cosmos: A Sketch of the Physical Description of the Universe, Vol. 1
The Prose Works of William Wordsworth: For the First Time Collected, With Additions from Unpublished Manuscripts. In Three Volumes.
Auguste Comte and Positivism
Selected Poems of John Clare, Volume 1
Flower, Fruit, and Thorn Pieces;: or, the Wedded Life, Death, and Marriage of Firmian Stanislaus Siebenkaes, Parish Advocate in the Burgh of Kuhschnappel.
Travels Through North and South Carolina, Georgia, East and West Florida, the Cherokee Country, the Extensive Territories of the Muscogulges, or Creek Confederacy, and the Country of the Chactaws.: Containing an Account of the Soil and Natural Productions of Those Regions, Together With Observations on the Manners of the Indians.
Narrative and Miscellaneous Papers
Curiosities of Medical Experience
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Complete: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 2: Elia and The Last Essays of Elia
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
The Poet Li Po, A.D. 701-762
Confessions of a Thug
Hero Tales and Legends of the Serbians
Old Christmas
The Writings of Thomas Paine — Volume 2 (1779-1792): The Rights of Man
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Complete
Tancred; Or, The New Crusade
The Contrast
Les Misérables, v. 4/5: The Idyll and the Epic
"Browne's Folly": (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
The Works of Lord Byron. Vol. 6
What is Darwinism?
The Eruption of Vesuvius in 1872
The Lily and the Totem; or, The Huguenots in Florida
The Bible in Spain: Or, the Journeys, Adventures, and Imprisonments of an Englishman, in an Attempt to Circulate the Scriptures in the Peninsula
A Distinguished Provincial at Paris
The Red Rover: A Tale
Beethoven, the Man and the Artist, as Revealed in His Own Words
Don Carlos: A Play
The Last of the Mohicans: A Narrative of 1757
The Devil's Pool
Titan: A Romance. v. 1 (of 2)
An Outline of English Speech-craft
The History of Christianity: Consisting of the Life and Teachings of Jesus of Nazareth; the Adventures of Paul and the Apostles; and the Most Interesting Events in the Progress of Christianity, from the Earliest Period to the Present Time.
Conversations on Chemistry, V. 1-2: In Which the Elements of that Science Are Familiarly Explained and Illustrated by Experiments
Speeches & Letters of Abraham Lincoln, 1832-1865
Konrad Wallenrod: An Historical Poem
The Memoirs of Count Carlo Gozzi; Volume the First
Maximilian, Prince of Wied's, Travels in the Interior of North America, 1832-1834, part 1
The Marble Faun; Or, The Romance of Monte Beni - Volume 2
The Poems of Giacomo Leopardi
History of Greece, Volume 01 (of 12)
The Vicar of Tours
The Lancashire Witches: A Romance of Pendle Forest
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson: Library Edition - Vol. 6 (of 20)
The Life of George Washington: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Essays and Dialogues
Secret Societies of the Middle Ages
Miss Leslie's New Cookery Book
The Household of Sir Thomas More
Origin of Cultivated Plants: The International Scientific Series Volume XLVIII
My Memoirs, Vol. I, 1802 to 1821
Bulfinch's Mythology: The Age of Fable
The Parent's Assistant; Or, Stories for Children
Döderlein's Hand-book of Latin Synonymes
The Heroine
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 7 (of 8)
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 01
The Maid of Orleans: A Tragedy
Rookwood
The World Before Them: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 5 (of 8)
May-Day, and Other Pieces
Peter Schlemihl
Sketches by Seymour — Complete
The Companions of Jehu
Night and Morning, Complete
How to Observe: Morals and Manners
A Visit to the Philippine Islands
Letters of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Travels Into Bokhara (Volume 1 of 3): Being the Account of A Journey from India to Cabool, Tartary, and Persia; Also, Narrative of a Voyage on the Indus, From the Sea to Lahore, With Presents From the King of Great Britain; Performed Under the Orders of the Supreme Government of India, in the Years 1831, 1832, and 1833
The Poems of Goethe, Translated in the Original Metres
The Poetical Works of Henry Kirk White : With a Memoir by Sir Harris Nicolas
Account of a Tour in Normandy, Volume 2
The Suppressed Poems of Alfred Lord Tennyson
Lustra of Ezra Pound
The Black Death, and The Dancing Mania
Letters from an American Farmer
Biographical Stories: (From: "True Stories of History and Biography")
The Eventful History of the Mutiny and Piratical Seizure of H.M.S. Bounty: Its Cause and Consequences
The Odes of Anacreon
Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, Volume II.
Recreations of Christopher North, Volume 1
Dante. An essay. To which is added a translation of De Monarchia.
Club Life of London, Vol. 1 (of 2): With Anecdotes of the Clubs, Coffee-Houses and Taverns of the Metropolis During the 17th, 18th, and 19th Centuries
Kenilworth
String Quartet No. 08 in E minor Opus 59
Falkland, Complete
American Historical and Literary Curiosities: Second Series, Complete
History of the Girondists, Volume I: Personal Memoirs of the Patriots of the French Revolution
Memoirs of the Comtesse Du Barry: With Minute Details of Her Entire Career as Favorite of Louis XV
Love and Freindship [sic]
An Examination of the Testimony of the Four Evangelists, by the Rules of Evidence Administered in Courts of Justice: With an Account of the Trial of Jesus
The Philosophy of Fine Art, volume 1 (of 4): Hegel's Aesthetik
The Poems of Felicia Hemans
The Parisians — Complete
The Wives of the Dead: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
History of Halifax City
Camilla; or, A Picture of Youth
The Adventures of Captain Bonneville, U. S. A., in the Rocky Mountains and the Far West
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Series One
History, Manners, and Customs of the Indian Nations Who Once Inhabited Pennsylvania and the Neighbouring States.
Evangeline: A Tale of Acadie
Common Sense
The Ego and His Own
The Raven: Illustrated
Les Misérables, v. 3/5: Marius
History of Julius Caesar
Memoirs of the Author of a Vindication of the Rights of Woman
Napoleon the Little
The Parent's Assistant; Or, Stories for Children
Fairy Legends and Traditions of the South of Ireland
Narrative of the Most Extraordinary and Distressing Shipwreck of the Whale-ship Essex, of Nantucket;: Which Was Attacked and Finally Destroyed by a Large Spermaceti-whale, in the Pacific Ocean; With an Account of the Unparalleled Sufferings of the Captain and Crew During a Space of Ninety-three Days at Sea, in Open Boats in the Years 1819 & 1820.
United States Declaration of Independence
The Code of Honor: Or, Rules for the Government of Principals and Seconds in Duelling
The Columbiad: A Poem
Memoir, Correspondence, and Miscellanies, From the Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 1
A New System; or, an Analysis of Antient Mythology. Volume 2 (of 6)
The History of England, from the Accession: of James the II (Volume 1, Chapter 1)
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 1
The Belle's Stratagem
The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex, Vol. II (1st Edition)
The Swiss Family Robinson: A Translation from the Original German
The Boston School Atlas, Embracing a Compendium of Geography
Coningsby; Or, The New Generation
The History of the Rise, Progress and Accomplishment of the Abolition of the African Slave-Trade, by the British Parliament (1839)
The Life of Friedrich Schiller: Comprehending an Examination of His Works
Sylvie: souvenirs du Valois
Gatherings from Spain
The Poems of Schiller — Third period
The Antiquary — Volume 02
Myths of the Rhine
Ten Years Later
Louise de la Valliere
Chicot the Jester
Sketches of the Natural History of Ceylon
Hymns, Songs, and Fables, for Young People
Bibliomania; or Book-Madness: A Bibliographical Romance
The Diary of Dr. John William Polidori, 1816, Relating to Byron, Shelley, etc.
Lyrical Ballads, with Other Poems, 1800, Volume 1
Poems and Ballads of Heinrich Heine
Familiar Letters of John Adams and His Wife Abigail Adams During the Revolution: with a Memoir of Mrs. Adams
Zoological Illustrations, Volume 1: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
Poems
Horton Genealogy: or Chronicles of the Descendants of Barnabas Horton, of Southold, L. I., 1640.
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 05 (of 12)
Lavengro: The Scholar, the Gypsy, the Priest
Chronicles of the Canongate, 1st Series
Hermann and Dorothea
The Basket of Flowers
The Rivals: A Comedy
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 2 (of 8)
A narrative of the mutiny, on board His Majesty's ship Bounty : $b and the subsequent voyage of part of the crew, in the ship's boat
Anecdotes of the Habits and Instinct of Animals
The American Nations, Vol. I.: Or, Outlines of a National History of the Ancient and Modern Nations of North and South America
Fontainbleau; a comic opera. In three acts
Chronicle of the Conquest of Granada, from the mss. of Fray Antonio Agapida
The Franco-German War of 1870-71
A General View of Positivism: Or, Summary exposition of the System of Thought and Life
Journal of a West India Proprietor: Kept During a Residence in the Island of Jamaica
What Will He Do with It? — Complete
Nightmare Abbey
A Christmas Greeting: A Series of Stories
The Life and Writings of Henry Fuseli, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Life of Daniel De Foe
Nuts to crack; or Quips, quirks, anecdote and facete of Oxford and Cambridge Scholars
Melmoth the Wanderer, Vol. 1
Fugitive Pieces
What the Moon Saw: and Other Tales
Incidents of Travel in Yucatan, Vol. I.
A Wonder Book and Tanglewood Tales, for Girls and Boys
Fruits of Philosophy: A Treatise on the Population Question
Cannibals all! or, Slaves without masters
The Pirate: Andrew Lang Edition
Belgium, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Borgias: Celebrated Crimes
Narrative of a Voyage to Senegal in 1816: Undertaken by Order of the French Government, Comprising an Account of the Shipwreck of the Medusa, the Sufferings of the Crew, and the Various Occurrences on Board the Raft, in the Desert of Zaara, at St. Louis, and at the Camp of Daccard. to Which Are Subjoined Observations Respecting the Agriculture of the Western Coast of Africa, from Cape Blanco to the Mouth of the Gambia.
Isopel Berners: The History of certain doings in a Staffordshire Dingle, July, 1825
Self-control: A Novel
My Memoirs, Vol. II, 1822 to 1825
The Works of Lord Byron: Letters and Journals. Vol. 2
Studies in Pessimism
The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex, Vol. I
Audubon and His Journals, Volume 1
The Narrative of Sojourner Truth
Specimens of the Table Talk of Samuel Taylor Coleridge
A Journey through the Kingdom of Oude, Volumes I & II
Gryll Grange
The Song of Hiawatha: An Epic Poem
The Bible in Spain, Vol. 1 [of 2]: Or, the Journeys, Adventures, and Imprisonments of an Englishman in an Attempt to Circulate the Scriptures in the Peninsula
Hoyle's Games Modernized
Les Misérables, v. 5/5: Jean Valjean
Famous Men of Ancient Times
The Baitâl Pachchisi; Or, The Twenty-Five Tales of a Sprite: Translated From the Hindi Text of Dr. Duncan Forbes
Gobseck
A Collection of Essays and Fugitiv Writings: On Moral, Historical, Political, and Literary Subjects
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 8 (of 8)
An essay towards a theory of apparitions
Wanderings of a pilgrim in search of the picturesque, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b During four-and-twenty years in the east; with revelations of life in the zenāna
An Essay in Aid of a Grammar of Assent
Eothen; Or, Traces of Travel Brought Home from the East
String Quartet No. 07 in F major Opus 59
The Literary Remains of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Volume 1
Afloat and Ashore: A Sea Tale
Three Expeditions into the Interior of Eastern Australia, Volume 1: With Descriptions of the Recently Explored Region of Australia Felix, and of the Present Colony of New South Wales
Past and Present
The Mirror of Taste, and Dramatic Censor, Vol. I, No. 2, February 1810
A Russian Gentleman
Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, Volume I.
Perpetual Peace: A Philosophic Essay
My Memoirs, Vol. III, 1826 to 1830
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 5: With a Memoir and Index
History of the Waldenses
The Metaphysical Elements of Ethics
Mary Schweidler, the amber witch: The most interesting trial for witchcraft ever known, printed from an imperfect manuscript by her father, Abraham Schweidler, the pastor of Coserow in the island of Usedom / edited by W. Meinhold ; translated from the German by Lady Duff Gordon.
Daniel Webster for Young Americans: Comprising the greatest speeches of the defender of the Constitution
The Shakespeare Story-Book
Enoch Arden, &c.
The Illustrated Self-Instructor in Phrenology and Physiology
Stories from the Faerie Queen, Told to the Children
The Collected Writing of Thomas De Quincey, Vol. II
The Visitor's Hand-Book for Holyhead: Comprising a History of the Town, the Antiquities and Sublime Scenery of the Mountain
Memoirs of the life, exile, and conversations of the Emperor Napoleon. (Vol. I)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Alexandre Dumas, [père]
Abraham Lincoln's Lost Speech, May 29, 1856: A Souvenir of the Eleventh Annual Lincoln Dinner of the Republican Club of the City of New York, at the Waldorf, February 12, 1897
The Bride of Messina, and On the Use of the Chorus in Tragedy
The Diverting History of John Gilpin: Showing How He Went Farther Than He Intended, and Came Safe Home Again
Great Events in the History of North and South America
The Surrender of Napoleon: Being the narrative of the surrender of Buonaparte, and of his residence on board H.M.S. Bellerophon, with a detail of the principal events that occurred in that ship between the 24th of May and the 8th of August 1815
The Autobiography of Parley Parker Pratt: One of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Embracing His Life, Ministry, and Travels
Corinne; or, Italy
The Whites and the Blues
Sons of the Soil
Colomba
The Thirty Years War — Complete
George Washington's Rules of Civility: Traced to their Sources and Restored by Moncure D. Conway
Advice to Young Men: And (Incidentally) to Young Women in the Middle and Higher Ranks of Life. In a Series of Letters, Addressed to a Youth, a Bachelor, a Lover, a Husband, a Father, a Citizen, or a Subject.
History of the Expedition under the Command of Captains Lewis and Clark, Vol. 1.: To the Sources of the Missouri, Thence Across the Rocky Mountains and Down the River Columbia to the Pacific Ocean. Performed During the Years 1804-5-6.
Alroy: The Prince of the Captivity
Don Juan: Canto I
The Young Man's Guide
Balsamo, the magician; or, the memoirs of a physician
The Sports and Pastimes of the People of England: Including the Rural and Domestic Recreations, May Games, Mummeries, Shows, Processions, Pageants, and Pompous Spectacles from the Earliest Period to the Present Time
Thoughts on Man, His Nature, Productions and Discoveries: Interspersed with Some Particulars Respecting the Author
A Minniature ov Inglish Orthoggraphy
The Ice-Maiden: and Other Tales.
Undine
Imaginary Conversations and Poems: A Selection
Key to the Science of Theology
Essay on the Principles of Translation
Twice-Told Tales
The Abbot
Godolphin, Volume 4.
Selections from Poe
The Golden Legend
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 02: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
The queen's necklace
The Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes: An Index of the Project Gutenberg Editions
Cottage Economy, to Which is Added The Poor Man's Friend
Juliette Drouet's Love-Letters to Victor Hugo: Edited with a Biography of Juliette Drouet
The Formation of Vegetable Mould Through the Action of Worms: With Observations on Their Habits
More Letters of Charles Darwin — Volume 2: A Record of His Work in a Series of Hitherto Unpublished Letters
The Napoleon of the People
The Ancient Church: Its History, Doctrine, Worship, and Constitution
The Expedition to Borneo of H.M.S. Dido: For the Suppression of Piracy
Weird Tales, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Tablets
The Poems of Philip Freneau, Poet of the American Revolution. Volume 1 (of 3)
The Journal of the Debates in the Convention which Framed the Constitution of the United States, May-September 1787. Volume 1
The Chartreuse of Parma: Translated from the French of Stendhal (Henri Beyle)
Useful Knowledge: Volume 1. Minerals: Or, a familiar account of the various productions of nature
Narrative of a Survey of the Intertropical and Western Coasts of Australia — Vol. 2: Performed between the years 1818 and 1822
A Voyage to Terra Australis — Volume 1: Undertaken for the purpose of completing the discovery of that vast country, and prosecuted in the years 1801, 1802 and 1803, in His Majesty's ship the Investigator, and subsequently in the armed vessel Porpoise and Cumberland schooner
The Freedmen's Book
Three Courses and a Dessert: Comprising Three Sets of Tales, West Country, Irish, and Legal; and a Melange
Astoria; Or, Anecdotes of an Enterprise Beyond the Rocky Mountains
More Letters of Charles Darwin — Volume 1: A Record of His Work in a Series of Hitherto Unpublished Letters
The Betrothed
The Death of Wallenstein
An Essay on the Shaking Palsy
Mexico, Aztec, Spanish and Republican, Vol. 1 of 2: A Historical, Geographical, Political, Statistical and Social Account of That Country From the Period of the Invasion by the Spaniards to the Present Time.
Les Misérables, v. 2/5: Cosette
The Every-day Book and Table Book, v. 1 (of 3): or Everlasting Calendar of Popular Amusements, Sports, Pastimes, Ceremonies, Manners, Customs and Events, Incident to Each of the Three Hundred and Sixty-five Days, in past and Present Times; Forming a Complete History of the Year, Month, and Seasons, and a Perpetual Key to the Almanac
The Story of Troy
Anecdotes of Dogs
Poems
Travels through the South of France and the Interior of Provinces of Provence and Languedoc in the Years 1807 and 1808
Genghis Khan, Makers of History Series
The Black Dwarf
My Aunt Margaret's Mirror
Cast Adrift
Jack Sheppard: A Romance
The Bird
The Curse of Kehama, Volume 1 (of 2)
History of Spanish and Portuguese Literature (Vol 1 of 2)
Unconscious Comedians
A Practical View of the Prevailing Religious System of Professed Christians, in the Middle and Higher Classes in this Country, Contrasted with Real Christianity.
The Fairchild Family
Atala
The Scientific Tourist through Ireland: in which the traveller is directed to the principal objects of antiquity, art, science & the picturesque
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 8 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
Charles O'Malley, The Irish Dragoon, Volume 1
Memoir, Correspondence, and Miscellanies, From the Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 4
The Young Duke
The Sea (La Mer)
A B C of Gothic Architecture
Indiana
Narrative of an Expedition into Central Australia: Performed Under the Authority of Her Majesty's Government, During the Years 1844, 5, and 6, Together With A Notice of the Province of South Australia in 1847
Eugene Aram — Complete
Narrative and Legendary Poems, Complete: Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Authentic Narrative of the Death of Lord Nelson
Old Christmas
The Poetical Works of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Volume 2
The Knight Of Gwynne, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Church History (Volumes 1-3)
The Atheist's Mass
A Narrative of the Life and Adventures of Venture, a Native of Africa, but Resident above Sixty Years in the United States of America, Related by Himself
The Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle and Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1834-1872, Vol II.
Essays on Various Subjects, Principally Designed for Young Ladies
Pope, His Descent and Family Connections: Facts and Conjectures
Letters of Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy from Italy and Switzerland
Fabiola; Or, The Church of the Catacombs
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication
An Explanation of Luther's Small Catechism
Curiosities of Literature, Vol. 3
The Romance of Biography (Vol 1 of 2): or Memoirs of Women Loved and Celebrated by Poets, from the Days of the Troubadours to the Present Age. 3rd ed. 2 Vols.
Tales from Tennyson
Farnham's Travels in the Great Western Prairies, etc., part 1, May 21-October 16, 1839
A Woman of Thirty
Redgauntlet: A Tale of the Eighteenth Century
Henrietta Temple: A Love Story
Inkle and Yarico: An opera, in three acts
Slater's [1859] Shropshire Directory
Murat: Celebrated Crimes
Proserpine and Midas
Lady Susan
The Memoirs of Madame Vigée Lebrun
Dealings with the Dead, Volume 2 (of 2)
A Journey Round My Room
The Lesser Bourgeoisie
Rise and Fall of Cesar Birotteau
Memoirs of the Dukes of Urbino, Volume 2 (of 3): Illustrating the Arms, Arts, and Literature of Italy, from 1440 To 1630.
Isabella Orsini: A Historical Novel of the Fifteenth Century
The Gastronomic Regenerator: A Simplified and Entirely New System of Cookery: With Nearly Two Thousand Practical Receipts Suited to the Income of All Classes
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 6 (of 8)
The Battle of Talavera
Ferragus, Chief of the Dévorants
Lovers' Vows
Jorrocks' Jaunts and Jollities
A Visit From Saint Nicholas
A Day's Ride: A Life's Romance
A Letter on Shakspere's Authorship of The Two Noble Kinsmen: and on the characteristics of Shakspere's style and the secret of his supremacy
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 5 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century
The Insect
General Smith's Views of the Powers and Policy of the Government of the United States
The Stately Homes of England
Over the Teacups
The Young Gentleman and Lady's Monitor, and English Teacher's Assistant: Being a collection of select pieces from our best modern writers, calculated to eradicate vulgar prejudices and rusticity of manners, improve the understanding, rectify the will, purify the passions, direct the minds of youth to the pursuit of proper objects, and to facilitate their reading, writing, and speaking the English language with elegance and propriety
A Tour in Ireland. 1776-1779
An Appeal in Favor of that Class of Americans Called Africans
Letters of Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy from 1833 to 1847
History of a Six Weeks' Tour Through a Part of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Holland:: With Letters Descriptive of a Sail Round the Lake of Geneva, and of the Glaciers of Chamouni.
A Treatise on the Diseases Produced By Onanism, Masturbation, Self-Pollution, and Other Excesses.
Martin Guerre: Celebrated Crimes
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Complete
Pelham — Complete
The Life of Trust: Being a Narrative of the Lord's Dealings With George Müller
History of Julius Cæsar, Vol. 2 of 2
George Crabbe: Poems, Volume 1 (of 3)
Botany for Ladies: or, A Popular Introduction to the Natural System of Plants, According to the Classification of De Candolle.
English Eccentrics and Eccentricities
History of the Conquest of Mexico; vol. 2/4
Cousin Pons
Paul and Virginia
The Borough
Cecilia; Or, Memoirs of an Heiress — Volume 1
Narrative of a Journey to the Shores of the Polar Sea, in the Years 1819-20-21-22, Volume 1
O May I Join the Choir Invisible! and Other Favorite Poems
Traditions of Lancashire, Volume 2
An Inquiry into the Causes and Effects of the Variolae Vaccinae: A Disease Discovered in Some of the Western Counties of England, Particularly Gloucestershire, and Known by the Name of the Cow Pox
A Vindication of Natural Diet.
Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates, 3rd ed. Volume 1
'Up the Country': Letters Written to Her Sister from the Upper Provinces of India
The Wolf-Leader
A Journey in Brazil
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Reflections on the Decline of Science in England, and on Some of Its Causes
The George Sand-Gustave Flaubert Letters
The Voice of the Ancient Bard
Diary in America, Series One
The Swiss Family Robinson; or, Adventures on a Desert Island
English Traits
The Life of Galileo Galilei, with Illustrations of the Advancement of Experimental Philosophy: Life of Kepler
"Ask Mamma"; or, The Richest Commoner In England
Cameron of Lochiel
Hegel's Lectures on the History of Philosophy: Volume 3 (of 3)
Confessions of an Inquiring Spirit and Some Miscellaneous Pieces
The Student's Elements of Geology
Lothair
The Spirit of the Age; Or, Contemporary Portraits
The Queen Of Spades
The Complete Poetical Works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Vol 1 (of 2)
A System of Logic: Ratiocinative and Inductive, 7th Edition, Vol. II
The Expeditions of Zebulon Montgomery Pike, Volume 2 (of 3): To Headwaters of the Mississippi River Through Louisiana Territory, and in New Spain, During the Years 1805-6-7.
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Alexander Pushkin
The Irish Race in the Past and the Present
Elegies and Other Small Poems
Memoir, Correspondence, and Miscellanies, From the Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 2
Madame Roland, Makers of History
English as she is spoke; or, a jest in sober earnest
History of the Reign of Philip the Second King of Spain, Vol. 3: And Biographical & Critical Miscellanies
Wild Wales: The People, Language, & Scenery
Memoirs of the life, exile, and conversations of the Emperor Napoleon. (Vol. IV)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Victor Hugo
The Dog
The Haunted and the Haunters; Or, The House and the Brain
Lectures on the English Poets; Delivered at the Surrey Institution
The Devil's Pool
The Book-Hunter: A New Edition, with a Memoir of the Author
Gregg's Commerce of the Prairies, 1831-1839, part 2
Biography and Family Record of Lorenzo Snow: One of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Poetry for children
The Elixir of Life
A Man of Business
Medical Essays, 1842-1882
Memoirs, Correspondence and Manuscripts of General Lafayette
The Wreck of the Hesperus
The Principles of Gothic Ecclesiastical Architecture, Elucidated by Question and Answer, 4th ed.
When We Two Parted
William the Conqueror: Makers of History
The Poniard's Hilt; Or, Karadeucq and Ronan. A Tale of Bagauders and Vagres
Summary Narrative of an Exploratory Expedition to the Sources of the Mississippi River, in 1820: Resumed and Completed, by the Discovery of its Origin in Itasca Lake, in 1832
The Dream of Gerontius
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Alfred Lord Tennyson
Maid Marian
The Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus (Volume II)
Becket and other plays
The Backwoods of Canada: Being Letters from the Wife of an Emigrant Officer, Illustrative of the Domestic Economy of British America
Observations and Reflections Made in the Course of a Journey through France, Italy, and Germany, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The loyalists of America and their times : $b from 1620 to 1816, Vol. 1 of 2
The Daltons; Or, Three Roads In Life. Volume II (of II)
The Greville Memoirs, Part 2 (of 3), Volume 2 (of 3): A Journal of the Reign of Queen Victoria from 1837 to 1852
Epics and Romances of the Middle Ages
Report to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State For the Home Department, from the Poor Law Commissioners, on an Inquiry Into the Sanitary Condition of the Labouring Population of Great Britain; With Appendices
Peveril of the Peak
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 6
Helen and Arthur; or, Miss Thusa's Spinning Wheel
'Twas the Night Before Christmas
Lavengro: The Scholar, The Gypsy, The Priest
Roland Cashel, Volume I (of II)
Miss Eden's Letters
The Town: Its Memorable Characters and Events
La Gaviota: A Spanish novel
Analysis of the Phenomena of the Human Mind
Cossack Tales
La Grande Breteche
The History of England, from the Accession of James II — Volume 5
Woodstock; or, the Cavalier
Nala and Damayanti and Other Poems
St. Ronan's Well
Observations on Mount Vesuvius, Mount Etna, and Other Volcanos
History of Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt
Soyer's Culinary Campaign: Being Historical Reminiscences of the Late War.: With The Plain Art of Cookery for Military and Civil Institutions
James's Account of S. H. Long's Expedition, 1819-1820, part 1
Historical Record of the First, or Royal Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Origin of the Regiment in the Reign of King James VI. of Scotland, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1846
Hegel's Lectures on the History of Philosophy: Volume 2 (of 3)
The English Housekeeper: Or, Manual of Domestic Management: Containing advice on the conduct of household affairs and practical instructions concerning the store-room, the pantry, the larder, the kitchen, the cellar, the dairy; the whole being intended for the use of young ladies who undertake the superintendence of their own housekeeping
The Memoirs of General Baron de Marbot
Alice, or the Mysteries — Complete
A Visit to the Holy Land, Egypt, and Italy
Authentic Narrative of the Death of Lord Nelson
The Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication, Vol. I.
A Romance of the West Indies
The Memoirs of Count Carlo Gozzi; Volume the Second
The Adventures of John Jewitt: Only Survivor of the Crew of the Ship Boston During a Captivity of Nearly Three Years Among the Indians of Nootka Sound in Vancouver Island
The Violin: Some Account of That Leading Instrument and Its Most Eminent Professors, from Its Earliest Date to the Present Time; with Hints to Amateurs, Anecdotes, etc.
Not Paul, but Jesus
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Volume 2
Maximilian, Prince of Wied's, Travels in the Interior of North America, 1832-1834, part 2
The Moon: considered as a planet, a world, and a satellite.
The Costume of China: Picturesque Representations of the Dress and Manners of the Chinese
The Palace and Park: Its Natural History, and Its Portrait Gallery, Together with a Description of the Pompeian Court
The spiritual exercises of St. Ignatius : $b adapted to an eight days retreat and six triduums in preparation for the semi-annual renovation of the vows, all for the use of Jesuits only
The Ball at Sceaux
Personal Narrative of Travels to the Equinoctial Regions of America, During the Year 1799-1804 — Volume 1
Old News: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
Tales and Novels — Volume 04
El Estudiante de Salamanca and Other Selections
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 4: With His Letters and Journals
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 2
History of the Buccaneers of America
Economic Sophisms
Novanglus, and Massachusettensis: or, Political Essays, Published in the Years 1774 and 1775, on the Principal Points of Controversy, between Great Britain and Her Colonies
The Introduction to Hegel's Philosophy of Fine Arts: Translated from the German with Notes and Prefatory Essay
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Volume 3
A History of Inventions, Discoveries, and Origins, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Plague of Lust, Vol. 1 (of 2): Being a History of Venereal Disease in Classical Antiquity
Literary and Philosophical Essays: French, German and Italian
Mr. Midshipman Easy
A Voyage to Terra Australis — Volume 2: Undertaken for the purpose of completing the discovery of that vast country, and prosecuted in the years 1801, 1802 and 1803, in His Majesty's ship the Investigator, and subsequently in the armed vessel Porpoise and Cumberland schooner
A voyage to the South Sea : $b Undertaken by command of His Majesty for the purpose of conveying the bread-fruit tree to the West Indies in His Majesty's ship the Bounty commanded by Lieutenant William Bligh; including an account of the mutiny on board the said ship and the subsequent voyage of part of the crew in the ship's boat from Tofoa, one of the Friendly Islands, to Timor, a Dutch settlement in the East Indies
The Cries of London: Exhibiting Several of the Itinerant Traders of Antient and Modern Times
The Dance of Death: Exhibited in Elegant Engravings on Wood with a Dissertation on the Several Representations of that Subject but More Particularly on Those Ascribed to Macaber and Hans Holbein
The Contest in America
The Piccolomini: A Play
Queen Mary; and, Harold
Translations from the German (Vol 3 of 3): Tales by Musæus, Tieck, Richter
The Sicilian Bandit: From the Volume "Captain Paul"
Essay on the Life and Institutions of Offa, King of Mercia, A.D. 755-794
The Romance of the Forest, interspersed with some pieces of poetry.
The golden verses of Pythagoras
Military and religious life in the Middle Ages and at the period of the Renaissance
Life and Letters of Charles Darwin — Volume 1
American Institutions and Their Influence
A Voyage to the Moon: With Some Account of the Manners and Customs, Science and Philosophy, of the People of Morosofia, and Other Lunarians
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 5
Phelim Otoole's Courtship and Other Stories: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
Jacob Faithful
The Poetical Works of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Volume 1
A Guide to the Virginia Springs: Giving, in addition to the routes and distances, a description of the springs and also of the natural curiosities of the state
A Treatise on Wood Engraving, Historical and Practical
Coaches and Coaching
The Boy's Hakluyt: English Voyages of Adventure and Discovery
The Arts in the Middle Ages and at the Period of the Renaissance
System of Economical Contradictions; Or, The Philosophy of Misery
La Grenadiere
The History of England, from the Accession of James II — Volume 2
Windsor Castle
Lectures on Art
Lavengro: the Scholar - the Gypsy - the Priest
Architectural Antiquities of Normandy
Hymni ecclesiae
Curiosities of Human Nature
Bulfinch's Mythology: The Age of Fable; The Age of Chivalry; Legends of Charlemagne
Rip Van Winkle
A Legend of Montrose
Legends of Charlemagne
The Physiology of Taste; Or, Transcendental Gastronomy
An Essay on the Slavery and Commerce of the Human Species, Particularly the African: Translated from a Latin Dissertation, Which Was Honoured with the First Prize in the University of Cambridge, for the Year 1785, with Additions
The Infant System: For Developing the Intellectual and Moral Powers of all Children, from One to Seven years of Age
The Daughter of the Commandant
The forty-five guardsmen
Thoughts on African Colonization
History of the Reformation in the Sixteenth Century, Volume 2
The Brownie of Bodsbeck, and Other Tales (Vol. 2 of 2)
Dissertations on the English Language, with Notes, Historical and Critical;: to Which is Added, by Way of Appendix, an Essay on a Reformed Mode of Spelling, With Dr. Franklin's Arguments on that Subject
Lorenzo de' Medici, the Magnificent (vol. 1 of 2)
Preliminary Discourse on the Study of Natural Philosophy
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Volume 5
Les liaisons dangereuses, volume 1 (of 2): or, Letters collected in a private society and published for the instruction of others
Louis Philippe: Makers of History Series
The History of the Inquisition of Spain from the Time of its Establishment to the Reign of Ferdinand VII.
Winterslow: Essays and Characters Written There
Club Life of London, Vol. 2 (of 2): With Anecdotes of the Clubs, Coffee-Houses and Taverns of the Metropolis During the 17th, 18th, and 19th Centuries
Porneiopathology: A Popular Treatise on Venereal and Other Diseases of the Male and Female Genital System; With Remarks on Impotence, Onanism, Sterility, Piles, and Gravel, and Prescriptions for Their Treatment
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 7: 1863-1865
Marmion: A Tale of Flodden Field in Six Cantos
A Love Story
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 1
Rambles in the Mammoth Cave, during the Year 1844: By a Visiter
Personal Recollections, from Early Life to Old Age, of Mary Somerville
Travels in North America, From Modern Writers: With Remarks and Observations; Exhibiting a Connected View of the Geography and Present State of that Quarter of the Globe
The Lady's Own Cookery Book, and New Dinner-Table Directory;: In Which will Be Found a Large Collection of Original Receipts. 3rd ed.
The Daltons; Or, Three Roads In Life. Volume I (of II)
Gerald Fitzgerald, the Chevalier: A Novel
The Highlands of Ethiopia
The Invention of Lithography
The Adventures of Ulysses the Wanderer
Historical Record of the Seventeenth, or the Leicestershire Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1688, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1848
The Duchesse of Langeais
Slovenly Betsy
The Philosophy of the Moral Feelings
Travels in China, Containing Descriptions, Observations, and Comparisons, Made and Collected in the Course of a Short Residence at the Imperial Palace of Yuen-Min-Yuen, and on a Subsequent Journey through the Country from Pekin to Canton
Narrative of a Second Expedition to the Shores of the Polar Sea, in the Years 1825, 1826, and 1827
A System of Logic: Ratiocinative and Inductive, 7th Edition, Vol. I
History of the Reformation in the Sixteenth Century, Volume 1
Insect Architecture
The Alhambra
Illustrations of Shakspeare, and of Ancient Manners:: with Dissertations on the Clowns and Fools of Shakspeare; on a Collection of Popular Tales Entitled Gesta Romanorum; and on the English Morris dance.
Captain William Kidd and Others of the Buccaneers
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Washington Irving
The Chouans
Aslauga's Knight
Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia — Complete
"My Novel" — Complete
Introduction to the Philosophy and Writings of Plato
The Empire of Austria; Its Rise and Present Power
The Fortunes of Hector O'Halloran, and His Man, Mark Antony O'Toole
Anecdotes about Authors, and Artists
Blue-Stocking Hall, (Vol. 2 of 3)
A Biblical and Theological Dictionary: explanatory of the history, manners, and customs of the Jews, and neighbouring nations
Glenarvon, Volume 3 (of 3)
Habits and men, with remnants of record touching the makers of both
Society and solitude: Twelve chapters
The Former Philippines Thru Foreign Eyes
Mr. Sponge's Sporting Tour
Historic Doubts Relative To Napoleon Buonaparte
Hannibal: Makers of History
The History and Antiquities of the Doric Race, Vol. 1 of 2
Our Old Home, Vol. 2: Annotated with Passages from the Author's Notebook
The Gospel of St. John: A Series of Discourses.: New Edition
Life and Correspondence of David Hume, Volume 1
Macaulay's Life of Samuel Johnson, with a Selection from his Essay on Johnson
Ancient Armour and Weapons in Europe: From the Iron Period of the Northern Nations to the End of the Thirteenth Century
Twenty-Seven Drawings by William Blake: Being Illustrations for Paradise Lost, Comus, and the Bible
The Whole History of Grandfather's Chair: Or, True Stories from New England History, 1620-1808
Narrative of a Survey of the Intertropical and Western Coasts of Australia — Vol. 1: Performed between the years 1818 and 1822
The Life of George Washington, Vol. 1: Commander in Chief of the American Forces During the War; which Established the Independence of his Country and First; President of the United States
Red Cap Tales, Stolen from the Treasure Chest of the Wizard of the North
A Treatise on Anatomy, Physiology, and Hygiene (Revised Edition)
Household Education
The Tourist's Guide through the Country of Caernarvon: containing a short sketch of its History, Antiquities, &c.
Introduction to the Study of Palæontological Botany
The Every-day Book and Table Book. v. 2 (of 3): or Everlasting Calendar of Popular Amusements, Sports, Pastimes, Ceremonies, Manners, Customs and Events, Incident to Each of the Three Hundred and Sixty-five Days, in past and Present Times; Forming a Complete History of the Year, Month, and Seasons, and a Perpetual Key to the Almanac
Critical and Historical Essays — Volume 1
Anti-Slavery Poems 1.: Part 1 From Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
History of the French Revolution from 1789 to 1814
Handy Andy: A Tale of Irish Life. Volume 1
The Iron Pincers; or, Mylio and Karvel: A Tale of the Albigensian Crusades
Dress as a Fine Art, with Suggestions on Children's Dress
Maximilian, Prince of Wied's, Travels in the Interior of North America, 1832-1834, part 3 and appendix
General Anatomy, Applied to Physiology and Medicine, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Roderick, the last of the Goths : $b A tragic poem
Ali Pacha: Celebrated Crimes
The Countess of Saint Geran: Celebrated Crimes
Umbrellas and Their History
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands — Complete
The Ghost-Seer; or the Apparitionist; and Sport of Destiny
Daniel Boone: The Pioneer of Kentucky
The Greville Memoirs, Part 1 (of 3), Volume 1 (of 3): A Journal of the Reigns of King George IV and King William IV
The Dog
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 1 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century
The Recollections of Alexis de Tocqueville
Thalaba the Destroyer
The Punster's Pocket-book: or, the Art of Punning Enlarged by Bernard Blackmantle, illustrated with numerous original designs by Robert Cruikshank
La Ronge Journal, 1823
Mrs. Hale's Receipts for the Million: Containing Four Thousand Five Hundred and Forty-five Receipts, Facts, Directions, etc. in the Useful, Ornamental, and Domestic Arts
Historical Record of the Second, or Queen's Royal Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in the Year 1661, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1837
The Isthmus of Suez Question
Illustrations of the manners, customs, & condition of the North American Indians, Vol. 1 (of 2): With letters and notes, written during eight years of travel and adventure among the wildest and most remarkable tribes now existing
Letters of Two Brides
The Professor at the Breakfast-Table
Urbain Grandier: Celebrated Crimes
Marquise Brinvillier: Celebrated Crimes
Undine
Directions for Cookery, in its Various Branches
String Quartet No. 05 in A major Opus 18
Marriage
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 6: With His Letters and Journals
The Journal of Sir Walter Scott: From the Original Manuscript at Abbotsford
Fairy Tales of the Slav Peasants and Herdsmen
History of Roman Literature from its Earliest Period to the Augustan Age. Vol. I
The Comical Adventures of Twm Shon Catty (Thomas Jones, Esq.),: Commonly known as the Welsh Robin Hood
The Book of Curiosities
A Guide to the Mount's Bay and the Land's End: Comprehending the topography, botany, agriculture, fisheries, antiquities, mining, mineralogy and geology of West Cornwall
Peru as It Is, Volume 1 (of 2): A Residence in Lima, and Other Parts of the Peruvian Republic, Comprising an Account of the Social and Physical Features of That Country
Between Heathenism and Christianity: Being a translation of Seneca's De Providentia, and Plutarch's De sera numinis vindicta, together with notes, additional extracts from these writers and two essays on Graeco-Roman life in the first century after Christ.
Citation and Examination of William Shakspeare, Euseby Treen, Joseph Carnaby, and Silas Gough, Clerk
The Power of Movement in Plants
The Life of Mansie Wauch: tailor in Dalkeith
The Autobiography of Sergeant William Lawrence: A Hero of the Peninsular and Waterloo Campaigns
Arthur O'Leary: His Wanderings And Ponderings In Many Lands
Rob of the Bowl: A Legend of St. Inigoe's. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Louis Spohr's Autobiography: Translated from the German
The Prince of the House of David
Historical record of the Sixty-Seventh, or the South Hampshire Regiment: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1758, and of its subsequent services to 1849
Eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal. Vol. 3 (of 3)
On Translating Homer
Geographical etymology: a dictionary of place-names giving their derivations
The Zincali: An Account of the Gypsies of Spain
Travels in the Interior of Africa — Volume 02
Hyperion
Philosophical Letters of Friedrich Schiller
Personal Narrative of Travels to the Equinoctial Regions of America, During the Year 1799-1804 — Volume 2
Fanshawe
The Disowned — Complete
The Sylphs of the Season with Other Poems
The Priest, the Woman and the Confessional
The Foundations of the Origin of Species: Two Essays written in 1842 and 1844
Audubon and His Journals, Volume 2
The Corsican Brothers
Recollections of the War of 1812
Evenings at Home; Or, The Juvenile Budget Opened
St. Leon: A Tale of the Sixteenth Century
A History of Architecture in all Countries, Volumes 1 and 2, 3rd ed.: From the Earliest Times to the Present Day
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 7 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
History of Indian and Eastern Architecture
Life and Letters of Charles Darwin — Volume 2
Our Village
Love and Intrigue: A Tragedy
Edgar Huntly; or, Memoirs of a Sleep-Walker
The Old Manse (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
String Quartet No. 10 in E flat major Opus 74 "Harp"
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 3
String Quartet No. 12 in E flat major Opus 127
Memoir, Correspondence, and Miscellanies, From the Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 3
The Diary of an Ennuyée
Peter the Great
The Adventures of Daniel Boone: the Kentucky rifleman
The Pirate, and The Three Cutters
Wanderings in South America
Solomon Maimon: An Autobiography.
Italy; with sketches of Spain and Portugal
The Expeditions of Zebulon Montgomery Pike, Volume 3 (of 3): To Headwaters of the Mississippi River Through Louisiana Territory, and in New Spain, During the Years 1805-6-7.
A Voice from Jerusalem: Or, A Sketch of the Travels and Ministry of Elder Orson Hyde
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 6 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
The History of Court Fools
The life of Hector Berlioz as written by himself in his letters and memoirs
Beatrix
Karl Ludwig Sand: Celebrated Crimes
Man in the Iron Mask (an Essay)
The Hunchback
Travels in the Interior of Africa — Volume 01
Select Speeches of Daniel Webster, 1817-1845
An inquiry into the permanent causes of the decline and fall of powerful and wealthy nations : $b Designed to shew how the prosperity of the British empire may be prolonged
Travels in France during the years 1814-15: Comprising a residence at Paris, during the stay of the allied armies, and at Aix, at the period of the landing of Bonaparte, in two volumes.
Sister Anne (Novels of Paul de Kock, Volume X)
An Introduction to Entomology: Vol. 4: or Elements of the Natural History of the Insects
The Black Death in the Fourteenth Century
On Naval Timber and Arboriculture: With Critical Notes on Authors who have Recently Treated the Subject of Planting
Wilhelm Tell
The Complete Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley — Volume 1
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 08
Ceylon; an Account of the Island Physical, Historical, and: Topographical with Notices of Its Natural History, Antiquities and; Productions, Volume 1
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 1: With His Letters and Journals
The Greville Memoirs, Part 2 (of 3), Volume 1 (of 3): A Journal of the Reign of Queen Victoria from 1837 to 1852
Answers to Prayer, from George Müller's Narratives
The Romance of Biography (Vol 2 of 2): or Memoirs of Women Loved and Celebrated by Poets, from the Days of the Troubadours to the Present Age. 3rd ed. 2 Vols.
Tour in England, Ireland, and France, in the years 1826, 1827, 1828 and 1829.: with remarks on the manners and customs of the inhabitants, and anecdotes of distiguished public characters. In a series of letters by a German Prince.
Ornithological biography, Vol. 1 (of 5) : $b An account of the habits of the birds of the United States of America
The Child's Book of Nature: Three parts in one
Pugilistica: The History of British Boxing, Volume 1 (of 3): Containing Lives of the Most Celebrated Pugilists; Full Reports of Their Battles from Contemporary Newspapers, With Authentic Portraits, Personal Anecdotes, and Sketches of the Principal Patrons of the Prize Ring, Forming a Complete History of the Ring from Fig and Broughton, 1719-40, to the Last Championship Battle Between King and Heenan, in December 1863
History of the Conquest of Mexico; vol. 4/4
The zoology of the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle [vol. 1 of 5] : $b Fossil mammalia
Sacred and legendary art, volume 1 (of 2): Containing legends of the angels and archangels, the evangelists, the Apostles, the doctors of the church, and St. Mary magdalene, as represented in the fine arts.
The Disowned — Volume 05
The Adventures of Ulysses
String Quartet No. 03 in D major Opus 18
Flora Lyndsay; or, Passages in an Eventful Life, Vol. I.
Zoonomia; Or, the Laws of Organic Life, Vol. II
Vegetable Diet: As Sanctioned by Medical Men, and by Experience in All Ages: Including a System of Vegetable Cookery
The Blue Jar Story Book
Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates, 3rd ed. Volume 4
Chronicles of London Bridge
The Intimate Letters of Hester Piozzi and Penelope Pennington, 1788-1821
Eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal. Vol. 1 (of 3)
The letters of Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett Barrett, Vol. 2 (of 2) 1845-1846
Sintram and His Companions
Reminiscences of Captain Gronow
The Gorgon's Head: (From: "A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys")
Flowers and Flower-Gardens: With an Appendix of Practical Instructions and Useful Information Respecting the Anglo-Indian Flower-Garden
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 10: Arranged in systematic order: Forming a complete history of the origin and progress of navigation, discovery, and commerce, by sea and land, from the earliest ages to the present time.
The Evil Eye; Or, The Black Spector: The Works of William Carleton, Volume One
Aurelian; or, Rome in the Third Century
The Indian Princess; Or, La Belle Sauvage
The Serapion Brethren, Vol. II
The Romantic Scottish Ballads: Their Epoch and Authorship
Amenities of Literature: Consisting of Sketches and Characters of English Literature
The Modern Housewife or, Ménagère: Comprising Nearly One Thousand Receipts, for the Economic and Judicious Preparation of Every Meal of the Day, with those of The Nursery and Sick Room, and Minute Directions for Family Management in All its Branches.
Life and Correspondence of David Hume, Volume 2
Ourika
The Every-day Book and Table Book. v. 3 (of 3): Everlasting Calerdar of Popular Amusements, Sports, Pastimes, Ceremonies, Manners, Customs and Events, Incident to Each of the Three Hundred and Sixty-five Days, in past and Present Times; Forming a Complete History of the Year, Month, and Seasons, and a Perpetual Key to the Almanac
Hans of Iceland, Vol. 2 of 2; The Last Day of a Condemned
Elements of arithmetic
Tales and Novels — Volume 02: Popular Tales
Poems in Two Volumes, Volume 1
The Life and Letters of Maria Edgeworth, Volume 2
The Water-Witch; Or, the Skimmer of the Seas: A Tale
Rembrandt and His Works: Comprising a Short Account of His Life; with a Critical Examination into His Principles and Practice of Design, Light, Shade, and Colour. Illustrated by Examples from the Etchings of Rembrandt.
Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Volume 1 (of 10)
Paris and the Parisians in 1835 (Vol. 2)
The Epicurean: A Tale
History of Spanish Literature, vol. 3 (of 3)
The Details of the Rocket System
Gods and Heroes
Geology and Inhabitants of the Ancient World
Wanderings in New South Wales, Batavia, Pedir Coast, Singapore, and China, Vol. 1 (of 2) : $b Being the journal of a naturalist in those countries, during 1832, 1833 and 1834
Early Kings of Norway
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 2
String Quartet No. 06 in B flat major Opus 18
The Empire of Russia: From the Remotest Periods to the Present Time
Literary Character of Men of Genius: Drawn from Their Own Feelings and Confessions
Darius the Great: Makers of History
Ten Acres Enough: A practical experience, showing how a very small farm may be made to keep a very large family
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England. volume 3 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe volume 3
The castles and abbeys of England; Vol. 2 of 2: from the national records, early chronicles, and other standard authors
The Life of Francis Marion
Adieu
The Movements and Habits of Climbing Plants
Mary Stuart: Celebrated Crimes
Words of Cheer for the Tempted, the Toiling, and the Sorrowing
Old Saint Paul's: A Tale of the Plague and the Fire
One Thousand and One Initial Letters
No Compromise with Slavery: An Address Delivered to the Broadway Tabernacle, New York
Nero: Makers of History Series
Original sonnets on various subjects; and odes paraphrased from Horace
Memoirs of Robert-Houdin, ambassador, author and conjurer
Ruins of Ancient Cities (Vol. 2 of 2): With General and Particular Accounts of Their Rise, Fall, and Present Condition
Shakespeare and the Emblem Writers: an exposition of their similarities of throught and expression, preceded by a view of emblem-literature down to A.D. 1616
Useful Knowledge: Volume 3. Animals: Or, a familiar account of the various productions of nature
Wanderings in New South Wales, Batavia, Pedir Coast, Singapore, and China, Vol. 2 (of 2) : $b Being the journal of a naturalist in those countries, during 1832, 1833 and 1834
Vaninka: Celebrated Crimes
The Literary Remains of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Volume 2
Lord Kilgobbin
Travels of Richard and John Lander into the interior of Africa, for the discovery of the course and termination of the Niger: From unpublished documents in the possession of the late Capt. John William Barber Fullerton ... with a prefatory analysis of the previous travels of Park, Denham, Clapperton, Adams, Lyon, Ritchie, &c. into the hitherto unexplored countries of Africa
The Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle and Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1834-1872, Vol. I
The Duty of Disobedience to the Fugitive Slave Act: An Appeal To The Legislators Of Massachusetts, Anti-Slavery Tracts No. 9
Queen Elizabeth: Makers of History
King Philip: Makers of History
The Book of Religions: Comprising the Views, Creeds, Sentiments, or Opinions, of All the Principal Religious Sects in the World, Particularly of All Christian Denominations in Europe and America, to Which are Added Church and Missionary Statistics, Together With Biographical Sketches
Atta Troll
Wilford Woodruff, Fourth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints: History of His Life and Labors, as Recorded in His Daily Journals
A History of Inventions, Discoveries, and Origins, Volume 1 (of 2)
Letters on the equality of the sexes, and the condition of woman
Early western travels, 1748-1846, volume 7
The Last of the Barons — Complete
Canadian Crusoes: A Tale of the Rice Lake Plains
Tales and Novels — Volume 01: Moral Tales
The Literary Remains of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Volume 4
Stories from the Odyssey
Narrative of a Voyage to the Northwest Coast of America in the years 1811, 1812, 1813, and 1814 or the First American Settlement on the Pacific
Essays on Political Economy
Japhet, in Search of a Father
The History of Napoleon Buonaparte
The Infernal Marriage
Recollections of Old Liverpool
Voyage of H.M.S. 'Pandora' : $b despatched to arrest the mutineers of the 'Bounty' in the South Seas, 1790-91
Captain Canot; Or, Twenty Years of an African Slaver
The Oriental Story Book: A Collection of Tales
Salem Witchcraft and Cotton Mather: A Reply
The Lady of the Lake
The philosophy of mathematics
Anima Poetæ
A Journal of the Disasters in Affghanistan, 1841-2
Society in America, Volume 2 (of 2)
History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Volume 4
Illustrations of the Huttonian Theory of the Earth
Two Poets
Cleopatra
Account of a Tour in Normandy, Volume 1
The Devil's Pool
The Cruise of the Alabama and the Sumter: From the Private Journals and Other Papers of Commander R. Semmes, C.S.N., and Other Officers
A tour through some parts of France, Switzerland, Savoy, Germany and Belgium, during the summer and autumn of 1814
Barbara Frietchie
The Adventures of the Chevalier De La Salle and His Companions, in Their Explorations of the Prairies, Forests, Lakes, and Rivers, of the New World, and Their Interviews with the Savage Tribes, Two Hundred Years Ago
ABC of Fox Hunting
The Writings Of Thomas Paine, Volume III.: 1791-1804
Philological Proofs of the Original Unity and Recent Origin of the Human Race
The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government, Volume 2
The History of Chemistry, Volume 1 (of 2)
My Memoirs, Vol. V, 1831 to 1832
The Faery Queen and Her Knights: Stories Retold from Edmund Spenser
Marquise De Ganges: Celebrated Crimes
String Quartet No. 04 in C minor Opus 18
The Phantom Ship
String Quartet No. 15 in A minor Opus 132
The Two Great Retreats of History
Illustrations of The Book of Job
Calamities and Quarrels of Authors
Voyages from Montreal Through the Continent of North America to the Frozen and Pacific Oceans in 1789 and 1793. Vol. I
The Campaner Thal, and Other Writings
Zoological Illustrations, Volume 3: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
The Knight of Malta
Protection and Communism
The Works of Thomas Hood; Vol. 02 (of 11): Comic and Serious, in Prose and Verse, With All the Original Illustrations
Stories of Intellect
Paz (La Fausse Maitresse)
The American Republic: Its Constitution, Tendencies, and Destiny
The Myth of Hiawatha, and Other Oral Legends, Mythologic and Allegoric, of the North American Indians
Margaret of Anjou: Makers of History
The Knight Of Gwynne, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Second Edition of A Discovery Concerning Ghosts: With a Rap at the "Spirit-Rappers"
Sans-Cravate; or, The Messengers; Little Streams
Life of Beethoven: Including his correspondence with his friends, numerous characteristic traits, and remarks on his musical works
The Cruise of the Midge (Vol. 2 of 2)
The Waterloo Campaign, 1815
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Ralph Waldo Emerson
Falkner: A Novel
Notes to the Complete Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley
Insectivorous Plants
Lives of the Necromancers
Quotes and Images From Memoirs of Louis XV. and XVI.
The Disowned — Volume 06
The Crayon Papers
Biographia Epistolaris, Volume 1
Tales and Novels — Volume 09
The Paradise of Children: (From: "A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys")
Stories from the Italian Poets: with Lives of the Writers, Volume 2
Memoirs of the Dukes of Urbino, Volume 1 (of 3): Illustrating the Arms, Arts, and Literature of Italy, from 1440 To 1630.
The Cruise of the Midge (Vol. 1 of 2)
The History of the Manners and Customs of Ancient Greece, Volume 2 (of 3)
The Deserted Woman
String Quartet No. 10 in E-flat Major, Opus 124, No. 1
Devereux — Complete
Anti-Slavery Poems and Songs of Labor and Reform, Complete: Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Wing-and-Wing; Or, Le Feu-Follet
Autobiography, Letters and Literary Remains of Mrs. Piozzi (Thrale) (2nd ed.) (2 vols.): Edited with notes and Introductory Account of her life and writings
The Posthumous Works of Thomas De Quincey, Vol. 2
Christology of the Old Testament: And a Commentary on the Messianic Predictions, Vol. 1
The Sword of Honor; or, The Foundation of the French Republic: A Tale of The French Revolution
History of the Anglo-Saxons, from the Earliest Period to the Norman Conquest: Second Edition
Under Sentence of Death; Or, a Criminal's Last Hours
Shakspeare and His Times [Vol. 2 of 2]: Including the Biography of the Poet; criticisms on his genius and writings; a new chronology of his plays; a disquisition on the on the object of his sonnets; and a history of the manners, customs, and amusements, superstitions, poetry, and elegant literature of his age
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England, Volume 2 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe, volume 2
How to be a man : $b a book for boys, containing useful hints on the formation of character
The Saxons in England, Volume 1 (of 2): A history of the English commonwealth till the period of the Norman conquest
The History of the Reign of Ferdinand and Isabella the Catholic — Volume 2
The Attaché; or, Sam Slick in England — Complete
Our Old Home: A Series of English Sketches
Book of illustrations : Ancient Tragedy
Lord George Bentinck: A Political Biography
Hints towards the formation of a more comprehensive theory of life.
The Romany Rye: A Sequel to 'Lavengro'
New observations on the natural history of bees
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 13 (of 15), King Arthur (1)
The Casque's Lark; or, Victoria, the Mother of the Camps
Memoirs of the Dukes of Urbino, Volume 3 (of 3): Illustrating the Arms, Arts, and Literature of Italy, from 1440 To 1630
The Pocket Lavater; or, The Science of Physiognomy: To which is added an inquiry into the analogy existing between brute and human physiognomy
The Frithiof Saga
The Aborigines of Australia
Enfranchisement of women : $b Reprinted from the Westminster and Foreign Quarterly Review, for July 1851
Wild Wales: Its People, Language and Scenery
The Surgeon's Daughter
Endymion
The Three Golden Apples: (From: "A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys")
Poems of Nature, Poems Subjective and Reminiscent and Religious Poems, Complete: Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
A Voyage Round the World, Volume I: Including Travels in Africa, Asia, Australasia, America, etc., etc., from 1827 to 1832
Gustavus Vasa: and other poems
Characteristics of Women: Moral, Poetical, and Historical
The O'Donoghue: Tale of Ireland Fifty Years Ago
Scenes and Adventures in the Semi-Alpine Region of the Ozark Mountains of Missouri and Arkansas
Poems on Slavery
The Manchester Rebels of the Fatal '45
"Their Majesties' Servants." Annals of the English Stage (Volume 1 of 3)
Lorenzo de' Medici, the Magnificent (vol. 2 of 2)
Cousin Lucy's Conversations: By the Author of the Rollo Books
Miss Beecher's Housekeeper and Healthkeeper: Containing Five Hundred Receipes for Economical and Healthful Cooking; also, Many Directions for Securing Health and Happiness
A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The Horse and His Rider
Modeste Mignon
The History of England, from the Accession of James II — Volume 4
The Swiss Family Robinson, Told in Words of One Syllable
Personal Memoirs of a Residence of Thirty Years with the Indian Tribes on the American Frontiers
Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Hour and the Man, An Historical Romance
The Rain Cloud: or, An Account of the Nature, Properties, Dangers and Uses of Rain in Various Parts of the World
The Pilgrim's Shell; Or, Fergan the Quarryman: A Tale from the Feudal Times
The Prussian Terror
Sermons of Christmas Evans
The Countess of Charny; or, The Execution of King Louis XVI
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 4: With a Memoir and Index
Belgium, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Wanderings of a pilgrim in search of the picturesque, Volume 2 (of 2) : $b During four-and-twenty years in the east; with revelations of life in the zenāna
Cenci: Celebrated Crimes
My Ten Years' Imprisonment
The Antiquity of Man
Doctor Grimshawe's Secret — a Romance
Kenelm Chillingly — Complete
Tales and Novels — Volume 10: Helen
Satanstoe; Or, the Littlepage Manuscripts. A Tale of the Colony
Three Expeditions into the Interior of Eastern Australia, Volume 2: With Descriptions of the Recently Explored Region of Australia Felix, and of the Present Colony of New South Wales
German Fiction
Lectures on the true, the beautiful and the good
Anne of Geierstein; Or, The Maiden of the Mist. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Art of Drinking: A Historical Sketch
Christmastide: Its History, Festivities, and Carols
History of Embalming: and of Preparations in Anatomy, Pathology, and Natural History; Including an Account of a New Process for Embalming
Popular Romances of the West of England, Second Series: or, The Drolls, Traditions, and Superstitions of Old Cornwall
History of the Conquest of Peru: With a Preliminary View of the Civilization of the Incas
Joan of Naples: Celebrated Crimes
Gerfaut — Volume 1
String Quartet No. 58 in F Major, Op. 74, No. 2, FHE No. 29, Hoboken No. 73
The Children of the New Forest
Travels in Arabia; comprehending an account of those territories in Hedjaz which the Mohammedans regard as sacred
The Life of Lord Byron
The Travels and Adventures of Monsieur Violet in California, Sonora, and Western Texas
An History of Birmingham (1783)
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 2: With His Letters and Journals
Sonnets from the Crimea
The Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication, Volume II (of 2)
A Walk from London to Fulham
A Voice of Warning: Or, an introduction to the faith and doctrine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
Auriol; or, The Elixir of Life
The History of the Indian Revolt and of the Expeditions to Persia, China and Japan, 1856-7-8
Letters to Madame Hanska, born Countess Rzewuska, afterwards Madame Honoré de Balzac, 1833-1846
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charles Darwin
Bureaucracy
The Two Brothers
Robinson Crusoe — in Words of One Syllable
A Woman's Life-Work — Labors and Experiences of Laura S. Haviland
Charles O'Malley, The Irish Dragoon, Volume 2
Bracebridge Hall
Biographies of distinguished scientific men. First series
The Martyrs of Science, or, The lives of Galileo, Tycho Brahe, and Kepler
Hesperus; or, Forty-Five Dog-Post-Days: A Biography. Vol. I.
Letters From Rome on the Council
The Autobiography of a Cornish Smuggler: (Captain Harry Carter, of Prussia Cove) 1749-1809
The philosophy of life, and philosophy of language, in a course of lectures
An Introduction to Entomology: Vol. 3: or Elements of the Natural History of the Insects
Homes and Haunts of the Most Eminent British Poets, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Gillingwater's History of Lowestoft: a reprint: with a chapter of more recent events
A Book for a Rainy Day; or, Recollections of the Events of the Years 1766-1833
Recollections of Rifleman Harris, (Old 95th.): with anecdotes of his officers and his comrades
Memoirs of Sergeant Bourgogne, 1812-1813
Sir Thomas More, or, Colloquies on the Progress and Prospects of Society
Life in the Clearings versus the Bush
Biographical Sketches: (From: "Fanshawe and Other Pieces")
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times, Volume 4
An Historical Journal of the Transactions at Port Jackson and Norfolk Island
Brittany & Its Byways
The Sand-Hills of Jutland
The Orchestral Conductor: Theory of His Art
On the Popular Judgment: That may be Right in Theory, but does not Hold Good in the Praxis
The Greville Memoirs, Part 1 (of 3), Volume 2 (of 3): A Journal of the Reigns of King George IV and King William IV
The Squirrels and other animals: Or, Illustrations of the habits and instincts of many of the smaller British quadrupeds
Colour as a Means of Art: Being an Adaption of the Experience of Professors to the Practice of Amateurs
Selections from the Prose Writings of John Henry Cardinal Newman: For the Use of Schools
The Miraculous Medal: Its Origin, History, Circulation, Results
The Sharper Detected and Exposed
Traditions of Edinburgh
A Letter on the Abolition of the Slave Trade: Addressed to the freeholders and other inhabitants of Yorkshire
The Deputy of Arcis
The Heart of Mid-Lothian, Volume 1
Zicci: A Tale — Volume 02
The Voyage of Captain Popanilla
The Pilot: A Tale of the Sea
An Account of the English Colony in New South Wales, Volume 2: An Account Of The English Colony In New South Wales, From Its First Settlement In 1788, To August 1801: With Remarks On The Dispositions, Customs, Manners, Etc. Of The Native Inhabitants Of That Country. To Which Are Added, Some Particulars Of New Zealand; Compiled, By Permission, From The Mss. Of Lieutenant-Governor King; And An Account Of The Voyage Performed By Captain Flinders And Mr. Bass.
A Residence in France: With an Excursion Up the Rhine, and a Second Visit to Switzerland
The Land-War in Ireland: A History for the Times
The Grounds of Christianity Examined by Comparing The New Testament with the Old
The Emigrants Of Ahadarra: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Dialogues of the Dead
The Uncollected Writings of Thomas de Quincey, Vol. 2: With a Preface and Annotations by James Hogg
English Past and Present
Diaries of Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore, Volume 1 (of 2): Comprising Their Life and Work as Recorded in Their Diaries, from 1812 to 1883
History of England from the Accession of James II, vol2 chapter 6
Louis XIV.: Makers of History Series
Constitutional History of England, Henry VII to George II. Volume 1 of 3
Paul and His Dog, v.1 (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XIII)
The Duchess of Trajetto
A Jar of Honey from Mount Hybla
Things to be Remembered in Daily Life: With Personal Experiences and Recollections
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 09 (of 12)
A treatise on the art of making good wholesome bread of wheat, oats, rye, barley and other farinaceous grains: Exhibiting the alimentary properties and chemical constitution of different kinds of bread corn, and of the various substitutes used for bread, in different parts of the world
Elizabeth Montagu, the queen of the bluestockings, Volumes 1 and 2 : $b Her correspondence from 1720 to 1761
Celtic Scotland : $b A history of ancient Alban. Volume 1 (of 3), History and ethnology
Webster's Unabridged Dictionary (2nd 100 Pages)
A Daughter of Eve
Liber Amoris, Or, The New Pygmalion
Derues: Celebrated Crimes
Legends of the Madonna as Represented in the Fine Arts
Impressions of America During the Years 1833, 1834 and 1835. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Peacock 'At Home' AND The Butterfly's Ball AND The Fancy Fair
Ancient America, in Notes on American Archaeology
Mary Queen of Scots: Makers of History
The Poetical Works of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Volume 4
Letters Exhibiting the Most Prominent Doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
History of Greece, Volume 07 (of 12)
The Life of Sir Isaac Newton
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 4 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
The French Revolution of 1789, as Viewed in the Light of Republican Institutions
The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell
The castles and abbeys of England; Vol. 1 of 2: from the national records, early chronicles, and other standard authors
Mauprat
Critical and Historical Essays — Volume 2
History of the American Clock Business for the Past Sixty Years, and Life of Chauncey Jerome: Barnum's Connection with the Yankee Clock Business
The Life and Correspondence of Sir Isaac Brock, K.B.: Interspersed with notices of the celebrated Indian chief, Tecumseh, and comprising brief memoirs of Daniel De Lisle Brock, Esq., Lieutenant E.W. Tupper, R.N., and Colonel W. De Vic Tupper
The Uncollected Writings of Thomas de Quincey—Vol. 1: With a Preface and Annotations by James Hogg
The Butterfly's Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast
My Recollections of Lord Byron
Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air
Tom Burke Of "Ours", Volume I
The Executioner's Knife; Or, Joan of Arc
Guy Fawkes; or, The Gunpowder Treason: An Historical Romance
The Philosophy of History, Vol. 1 of 2
The Poems of Philip Freneau, Poet of the American Revolution. Volume 2 (of 3)
Memoirs of Emma Courtney
Introduction to the Literature of Europe in the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Centuries, Vol. 2
The History of the Assassins, Derived from Oriental Sources
Experimental Investigation of the Spirit Manifestations: Demonstrating the existence of spirits and their communion with mortals. Doctrine of the spirit world respecting heaven, hell, morality, and God. Also, the influence of Scripture on the morals of Christians.
Illustrations of the manners, customs, & condition of the North American Indians, Vol. 2 (of 2): With letters and notes, written during eight years of travel and adventure among the wildest and most remarkable tribes now existing
An Episode under the Terror
The Marriage Contract
An Essay on the History of Civil Society, Eighth Edition
Personal Memoir of Daniel Drayton, for Four Years and Four Months a Prisoner (for Charity's Sake) in Washington Jail: Including a Narrative of the Voyage and Capture of the Schooner Pearl
John Rutherford, the White Chief: A Story of Adventure in New Zealand
Newton Forster; Or, The Merchant Service
Travels in the Great Desert of Sahara, in the Years of 1845 and 1846
A Week at Waterloo in 1815: Lady De Lancey's Narrative: Being an Account of How She Nursed Her Husband, Colonel Sir William Howe De Lancey, Quartermaster-General of the Army, Mortally Wounded in the Great Battle
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 14 (of 15), King Arthur (2)
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 2 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century
Letters on the Improvement of the Mind, Addressed to a Lady
The Rolliad, in Two Parts: Probationary Odes for the Laureatship & Political Eclogues
Pamphlets and Parodies on Political Subjects
Adventures of the Ojibbeway and Ioway Indians in England, France, and Belgium; Vol. 1 (of 2): being Notes of Eight Years' Travels and Residence in Europe with his North American Indian Collection
Outlines of Educational Doctrine
Picturesque Sketches of London, Past and Present
Cruikshank's Water Colours
History of Spanish and Portuguese Literature (Vol 2 of 2)
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 10 (of 12)
The remains of the late Mrs. Richard Trench : $b being selections from her journals, letters, & other papers
Ernest Maltravers — Complete
A Discourse on the Life, Character and Writings of Gulian Crommelin Verplanck: Delivered before the New-York Historical Society, May 17th, 1870
Headlong Hall
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels, Volume 11: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History; of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and; Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the; Present Time
A practical directory for young Christian females : $b being a series of letters from a brother to a younger sister
Diary in America, Series Two
Germany, Bohemia, and Hungary, Visited in 1837. Vol. II
The loyalists of America and their times : $b from 1620 to 1816, Vol. 2 of 2
The Loss of the Kent, East Indiaman, in the Bay of Biscay: Narrated in a Letter to a Friend
The Devil's Elixir, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Memoirs of the Duchesse de Dino (Afterwards Duchesse de Talleyrand et de Sagan), 1831-1835
An Introduction to Entomology: Vol. 1: or Elements of the Natural History of the Insects
Wyeth's Oregon, or a Short History of a Long Journey, 1832; and Townsend's Narrative of a Journey across the Rocky Mountains, 1834
The Colloquies of Edward Osborne, Citizen and Clothworker of London
The Rural Life of England
General History of Civilisation in Europe, From the Fall of the Roman Empire Till the French Revolution. A Treatise on Death Punishments.
The Absentee
Coral Reefs
The History of the Reign of Ferdinand and Isabella the Catholic — Volume 1
Parisians in the Country
The Prophetic Pictures (From "Twice Told Tales")
The Dramatic Works of John Dryden, Volume 1: With a Life of the Author
Records of a Girlhood
The conspirators; or, The chevalier d'Harmental
Sound Mind: Or, Contributions to the natural history and physiology of the human intellect
Visits and Sketches at Home and Abroad, Vol. 3 (of 3): With Tales and Miscellanies Now First Collected
Poems: Containing The Restropect, Odes, Elegies, Sonnets, &c.
"Their Majesties' Servants." Annals of the English Stage (Volume 2 of 3)
The Gods of the North: an epic poem
The Tower of London: A Historical Romance, Illustrated
The Bee-keeper's Manual: or Practical Hints on the Management and Complete Preservation of the Honey-bee.
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 01 (of 12)
The History of Duelling. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Crania Ægyptiaca: Or, Observations on Egyptian Ethnography Derived from Anatomy, History and the Monuments
Life of John Sterling
Autobiography: Truth and Fiction Relating to My Life
Oliver Goldsmith: A Biography
The Bravo: A Tale
Primitive Christian Worship: Or, The Evidence of Holy Scripture and the Church, Against the Invocation of Saints and Angels, and the Blessed Virgin Mary
Poor Jack
Declaration of Independence of the United States of America
The Complete Poetical Works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Vol 2 (of 2)
Education in the Home, the Kindergarten, and the Primary School
Ten Thousand a-Year. Volume 3.
The American Flower Garden Directory: Containing Practical Directions for the Culture of Plants, in the Hot-House, Garden-House, Flower Garden and Rooms or Parlours, for Every Month in the Year
Gallery of Comicalities; Embracing Humorous Sketches
The Horses of the Sahara and the Manners of the Desert
My Memoirs, Vol. VI, 1832 to 1833
History of Greece, Volume 08 (of 12)
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 3 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
The East India Vade-Mecum, Volume 1 (of 2): or, complete guide to gentlemen intended for the civil, military, or naval service of the East India Company.
The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck: a romance
Hildreth's "Japan as It Was and Is": A Handbook of Old Japan, Volume 1 (of 2)
Memoirs of Carwin the Biloquist (A Fragment)
Crotchet Castle
Marie; a story of Russian love
Some Poems
Personal Narrative of Travels to the Equinoctial Regions of America, During the Year 1799-1804 — Volume 3
The Pilgrims of the Rhine
On the Choice of Books
The Black Prophet: A Tale Of Irish Famine: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
Kindness to Animals; Or, The Sin of Cruelty Exposed and Rebuked
Arthur Mervyn; Or, Memoirs of the Year 1793
Charles I: Makers of History
Shorter Novels, Eighteenth Century: The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abyssinia; The Castle of Otranto, a Gothic Story; Vathek, an Arabian Tale
The Martins Of Cro' Martin, Vol. I (of II)
The Ladies' Guide to True Politeness and Perfect Manners: or, Miss Leslie's Behaviour Book
The Life of Benjamin Franklin, Illustrated by Tales, Sketches, and Anecdotes
The Life and Adventures of Bruce, the African Traveller
The History of Chivalry; Or, Knighthood and Its Times, Volume 2 (of 2)
Agnes Strickland's Queens of England, Vol. 1. (of 3): Abridged and Fully Illustrated
The Choice Humorous Works, Ludicrous Adventures, Bons Mots, Puns, and Hoaxes of Theodore Hook
Bruno; or, lessons of fidelity, patience, and self-denial taught by a dog
Catalogue of the Manuscripts in the Spanish Language in the British Museum. Vol. 4
Biographical Anecdotes of William Hogarth, With a Catalogue of His Works
Fanny Burney and Her Friends: Select Passages from Her Diary and Other Writings
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Alexis de Tocqueville
The Old Printer and the Modern Press
Lafayette in America in 1824 and 1825, Vol. 2 (of 2): Or, Journal of a Voyage to the United States
Travels in Nubia
The retreat of the ten thousand
Große Fuge in B flat major Opus 133
The Diary and Letters of Madame D'Arblay — Volume 2
Coleridge's Ancient Mariner and Select Poems
Grappling with the Monster; Or, the Curse and the Cure of Strong Drink
Lectures on Language, as Particularly Connected with English Grammar.
Memoirs of the Private Life, Return, and Reign of Napoleon in 1815, Vol. I
Flora Lyndsay; or, Passages in an Eventful Life, Vol. II.
Letters on Astronomy: in which the Elements of the Science are Familiarly Explained in Connection with Biographical Sketches of the Most Eminent Astronomers
Homes and Haunts of the Most Eminent British Poets, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Prairie-Bird
Preston Fight; or, The Insurrection of 1715
Elements of Surgery
Life of Joseph Brant—Thayendanegea (Vol. I.): Including the Border Wars of the American Revolution and Sketches of the Indian Campaigns of Generals Harmar, St. Clair, and Wayne; And Other Matters Connected with the Indian Relations of the United States and Great Britain, from the Peace of 1783 to the Indian Peace of 1795
Shakspeare and His Times [Vol. 1 of 2]: Including the Biography of the Poet; criticisms on his genius and writings; a new chronology of his plays; a disquisition on the on the object of his sonnets; and a history of the manners, customs, and amusements, superstitions, poetry, and elegant literature of his age
The Diary of a Girl in France in 1821
The Pilgrim's Progress in Words of One Syllable
King Alfred of England: Makers of History
The Life of George Washington, Vol. 2: Commander in Chief of the American Forces During the War; which Established the Independence of his Country and First; President of the United States
Lavengro : $b The Scholar; The Gypsy; The Priest, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Memoirs and Correspondence of Admiral Lord de Saumarez. Vol II
The Marvellous History of the Shadowless Man, and The Cold Heart
The Devil's Elixir, Vol. 1 (of 2)
I've Been Thinking; or, the Secret of Success
Journals of Dorothy Wordsworth, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Philosophy in Sport Made Science in Earnest: Being an Attempt to Illustrate the First Principles of Natural Philosophy by the Aid of Popular Toys and Sports
Church History, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Poetry of Science; or, Studies of the Physical Phenomena of Nature
Lessons in the Small Catechism of Dr. Martin Luther: For the Senior Department of Lutheran Sunday-Schools and for General Use
Essay on the Character and Influence of Washington in the Revolution of the United States of America
A popular history of the United States of America, Vol. 2 (of 2) : $b from the discovery of the American continent to the present time
The calculating engine
The Culprit Fay, and Other Poems
Ursula
Waverley; Or, 'Tis Sixty Years Since
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 4: The Lincoln-Douglas Debates
A Mortal Antipathy
Female Scripture Biography, Volume II: Including an Essay on What Christianity Has Done for Women
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 01: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
Letters of a Traveller; Or, Notes of Things Seen in Europe and America
The Idler in France
Evangeline: with Notes and Plan of Study
A Discourse on the Study of the Law of Nature and Nations
A Translation of the New Testament from the original Greek: Humbly Attempted with a View to Assist the Unlearned with Clearer and More Explicit Views of the Mind of the Spirit in the Scriptures of Truth
Sir Jasper Carew: His Life and Experience
History of Roman Literature from its Earliest Period to the Augustan Age. Vol. II
Hesperus; or, Forty-Five Dog-Post-Days: A Biography. Vol. II.
No Treason, Vol. VI.: The Constitution of No Authority
Rambles of a Naturalist
Dealings with the Dead, Volume 1 (of 2)
Paris and the Parisians in 1835 (Vol. 1)
George Cruikshank's Omnibus
Mexico, Aztec, Spanish and Republican, Vol. 2 of 2: A Historical, Geographical, Political, Statistical and Social Account of that Country from the Period of the Invasion by the Spaniards to the Present Time.
The life and times of George Villiers, duke of Buckingham, Volume 1 (of 3): From original and authentic sources
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 1 (of 9)
The works of Alexander Hamilton (vol. 1 of 7) : $b comprising his correspondence, and his political and official writings, exclusive of the Federalist, civil and military.
First Project Gutenberg Collection of Edgar Allan Poe
Rienzi, the Last of the Roman Tribunes
Memoirs of the Life of the Rt. Hon. Richard Brinsley Sheridan — Volume 01
Dreams, Waking Thoughts, and Incidents
Miles Wallingford: Sequel to "Afloat and Ashore"
Essays on some unsettled Questions of Political Economy
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 03: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
The Sable Cloud: A Southern Tale With Northern Comments (1861)
Petty Troubles of Married Life, Complete
My Schools and Schoolmasters; Or, The Story of My Education
Abbé Aubain and Mosaics
Luttrell Of Arran
The Wanderer; or, Female Difficulties (Volume 1 of 5)
Deformities of Samuel Johnson, Selected from His Works
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 6 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century (6 volumes)
Emmeline, the Orphan of the Castle
Hogarth's Works, with life and anecdotal descriptions of his pictures. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Life of Robert, Lord Clive, Vol. 1 (of 3): Collected from the Family Papers Communicated by the Earl of Powis
Memoirs of the life, exile, and conversations of the Emperor Napoleon. (Vol. II)
The State of Society in France Before the Revolution of 1789: And the Causes Which Led to That Event
Physical Geography
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 04 (of 12)
The Complete Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley — Volume 2
String Quartet No. 57 in C Major, Op. 74, No. 1, FHE No. 28, Hoboken No. 72
Peter Schlemihl
Lectures on Dramatic Art and Literature
The Bracelets: Or, Amiability and Industry Rewarded
The Works of Charles Lamb in Four Volumes, Volume 4
Memoirs of the Jacobites of 1715 and 1745. Volume I.
Peter Simple
The Broken Cup
The Power of the Popes: An Historical Essay on Their Temporal Dominion, and the Abuse of Their Spiritual Authority
The Life of Philip Melanchthon
Wonderful Stories for Children
Aristotle
Concord Days
Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age, Vol. 1 of 3: I. Prolegomena II. Achæis; or, the Ethnology of the Greek Races
The Life of General Garibaldi: Translated from his private papers; with the history of his splendid exploits in Rome, Lombardy, Sicily and Naples, to the present time.
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England, Volume 4 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe volume 4
Miss Beecher's Domestic Receipt Book: Designed as a Supplement to Her Treatise on Domestic Economy
History of Greece, Volume 12 (of 12)
Dr. B. Mure's materia medica : $b or, provings of the principal animal and vegetable poisons of the Brazilian Empire, and their application in the treatment of disease
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 01
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 02: Additional Poems (1837-1848)
Tales and Novels — Volume 08
Songs of Labor and Reform: Part 5 From Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Female Scripture Biography, Volume I
Homeward Bound; Or, the Chase: A Tale of the Sea
Book about Animals
Reminiscences of Scottish Life & Character: And a Memoir of Dean Ramsay by Cosmo Innes
The Ned M'Keown Stories: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
History of the Expedition to Russia: Undertaken by the Emperor Napoleon in the Year 1812
Narrative of a Journey to the Shores of the Polar Sea, in the years 1819-20-21-22, Volume 2
History of the missions of the American Board Of Commissioners For Foreign Missions to the oriental churches, Volume II.
Sarrasine
The Two Hundredth Anniversary of the Settlement of the Town of New Milford, Conn. June 17th, 1907: Address Delivered by Daniel Davenport, of Bridgeport, Conn.
Incidents of Travel in Yucatan, Vol. II.
Sir Brook Fossbrooke, Volume I.
Life of Robert Burns
Three Accounts of Peterloo by Eyewitnesses: Bishop Stanley, Lord Hylton, John Benjamin Smith; with Bishop Stanley's Evidence at the Trial
Hot corn: Life Scenes in New York Illustrated
Pencil Sketches; or, Outlines of Character and Manners
The American Indians: Their History, Condition and Prospects, from Original Notes and Manuscripts
A Commonplace Book of Thoughts, Memories, and Fancies.: 2nd ed.
The Poems of Philip Freneau, Poet of the American Revolution. Volume 3 (of 3)
Rudy and Babette; Or, The Capture of the Eagle's Nest
Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Volume 4 (of 10)
A Synopsis of the Birds of North America
The Poems of Leopardi
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 08 (of 12)
A guide, descriptive and historical, through the Town of Shrewsbury
Essay on the Theory of the Earth
Louis Lambert
The Lake Gun
The Lady of Lyons; Or, Love and Pride
Quotes and Images From the Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
The Teacher: Moral Influences Employed in the Instruction and Government of the Young
Memoirs of the Court of Queen Elizabeth
Tales of the Caravan, Inn, and Palace
The Chainbearer; Or, The Littlepage Manuscripts
A Treatise on the Police of the Metropolis: Containing a Detail of the Various Crimes and Misdemeanors by which Public and Private Property and Security are, at Present, Injured and Endangered: and Suggesting Remedies for their Prevention
Charles Lever, His Life in His Letters, Vol. I
The Sylph, Volume I and II
Zoological Illustrations, Second Series, Volume 3: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
Jack Sheppard: A Romance, Vol. 1 (of 3)
James's Account of S. H. Long's Expedition, 1819-1820, part 3
Life of Sir William Wallace of Elderslie, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Mrs. Loudon's Entertaining Naturalist: Being popular descriptions, tales, and anecdotes of more than Five Hundred Animals.
Historical Record of the Third, or Prince of Wales' Regiment of Dragoon Guards: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1838
Historical Record of the Thirteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1715, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1842
The Philosophy of Fine Art, volume 2 (of 4): Hegel's Aesthetik
George Washington; or, Life in America One Hundred Years Ago.
A Memoir of Thomas Bewick: Written by himself
Thoughts upon the African slave trade
An address to British females on the moral management of pregnancy and labour, and some cursory observations on medical deportment : $b Suggested by the death of Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales: with a vindication of Her Royal Highness's physicians, Sir Richard Croft, Dr. Baillie, and Dr. Sims
Love and liberty : $b A thrilling narrative of the French Revolution of 1792
Sketches by Seymour — Volume 05
Pelham — Volume 08
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 06
Lady Mary Wortley Montague, Her Life and Letters (1689-1762)
A Letter Addressed to the Abbe Raynal, on the Affairs of North America, in Which the Mistakes in the Abbe's Account of the Revolution of America Are Corrected and Cleared Up
Parker's Second Reader: National Series of Selections for Reading, Designed For The Younger Classes In Schools, Academies, &C.
The Life of Admiral Viscount Exmouth
The Life of George Washington, Vol. 4: Commander in Chief of the American Forces During the War; which Established the Independence of his Country and First; President of the United States
'He Giveth His Beloved Sleep'
The Privateer's-Man, One hundred Years Ago
Richard II: Makers of History
Practical Education, Volume I
The Gold Horns
Told in the Coffee House: Turkish Tales
The Bird and Insects' Post Office
The New Conspiracy Against the Jesuits Detected and Briefly Exposed: with a short account of their institute; and observations on the danger of systems of education independent of religion
The Pocket Bible; or, Christian the Printer: A Tale of the Sixteenth Century
Letters of David Ricardo to Thomas Robert Malthus, 1810-1823
Tales From the "Phantasus," etc. of Ludwig Tieck
Reports on the Maya Indians of Yucatan
Nooks and Corners of English Life, Past and Present
Studies of Christianity; Or, Timely Thoughts for Religious Thinkers
Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates, 3rd ed. Volume 2
Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates, 3rd ed. Volume 3
The Missionary: An Indian Tale; vol. III
Notes on the Iroquois: or, Contributions to the Statistics, Aboriginal History, Antiquities and General Ethnology of Western New-York
The Roman Wall: A historical, topographical, and descriptive account of the barrier of the lower isthmus, extending from the Tyne to the Solway, deduced from numerous personal surveys
History of Greece, Volume 09 (of 12)
Poems
The Great Sieges of History
The Charterhouse of Parma, Volume 1
Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo and across the Great Desert to Morocco performed in the year 1824-1828, in Two Volumes, Vol. II
Facino Cane
Count Julian
The Slave Trade, Domestic and Foreign: Why It Exists, and How It May Be Extinguished
A Street of Paris and Its Inhabitant
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 06: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
Fardorougha, The Miser: The Works of William Carleton, Volume One
Life and public services of John Quincy Adams, sixth President of the United States, with the eulogy delivered before the Legislature of New York
Evenings at Donaldson Manor; Or, The Christmas Guest
Masterman Ready; Or, The Wreck of the "Pacific"
The Journal of Lieut. John L. Hardenbergh of the Second New York Continental Regiment from May 1 to October 3, 1779, in General Sullivan's Campaign Against the Western Indians: With an Introduction, Copious Historical Notes, and Maps of the Battle-field of Newtown and Groveland Ambuscade
The Religion of Geology and Its Connected Sciences
The Invisible Lodge
Visits and Sketches at Home and Abroad, Vol. 2 (of 3): With Tales and Miscellanies Now First Collected
Narrative of the surveying voyages of His Majesty's ships Adventure and Beagle, between the years 1826 and 1836. Volume I. Proceedings of the First Expedition, 1826-1830
Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border, Volume 3 (of 3): Consisting of Historical and Romantic Ballads, Collected in the Southern Counties of Scotland; with a Few of Modern Date, Founded Upon Local Tradition
Agnes Strickland's Queens of England, Vol. 3. (of 3): Abridged and Fully Illustrated
The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus Restored in Conformity With the Recently Discovered Remains
The Practical Astronomer: Comprising illustrations of light and colours--practical descriptions of all kinds of telescopes--the use of the equatorial-transit--circular, and other astronomical instruments, a particular account of the Earl of Rosse's large telescopes, and other topics connected with astronomy
Observations and Reflections Made in the Course of a Journey through France, Italy, and Germany, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Philosophy of Fine Art, volume 3 (of 4): Hegel's Aesthetik
The Flower of the Flock, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Philosophy of Mystery
The Knights of England, France, and Scotland
The Common Nature of Epidemics, and their relation to climate and civilization
Lafayette in America in 1824 and 1825, Vol. 1 (of 2): Or, Journal of a Voyage to the United States
The History of Lynn, Vol. 2 [of 2]
Lives and exploits of the most noted highwaymen, robbers and murderers of all nations: Drawn from the most authentic sources and brought down to the present time
Darwinism stated by Darwin himself: Characteristic passages from the writings of Charles Darwin
Miscellaneous Writings and Speeches — Volume 2
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication — Volume 1
Familiar Letters on Chemistry, and Its Relation to Commerce, Physiology, and Agriculture
The Lights and Shadows of Real Life
Farewell
The Celibates
Passages from the American Notebooks, Volume 1
Autobiography of Sir George Biddell Airy
Samuel F. B. Morse, His Letters and Journals: In Two Volumes, Volume II
The Peasant and the Prince
The Bad Family & Other Stories
The Fortunes of Glencore
The Mesmerist's Victim
Narrative of the Voyages and Services of the Nemesis from 1840 to 1843: And of the Combined Naval and Military Operations in China: Comprising a Complete Account of the Colony of Hong-Kong and Remarks on the Character & Habits of the Chinese. Second Edition
Great Facts: A Popular History and Description of the Most Remarkable Inventions During the Present Century
Pattie's Personal Narrative, 1824-1830; Willard's Inland Trade with New Mexico, 1825, and Downfall of the Fredonian Republic; and Malte-Brun's Account of Mexico
Shall Turkey Live or Die?
Buenos Ayres and the Provinces of the Rio de La Plata: Their Present State, Trade, and Debt
James's Account of S. H. Long's Expedition, 1819-1820, part 2
Letters on Natural Magic; Addressed to Sir Walter Scott, Bart.
Historical Record of the Fifteenth, or, the Yorkshire East Riding, Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1848
The Bayeux Tapestry Elucidated
History of Greece, Volume 03 (of 12)
History of Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Definitions in Political Economy,: Preceded by an Inquiry Into the Rules which Ought to Guide Political Economists in the Definition and Use of Their Terms; with Remarks on the Deviation from These Rules in Their Writings
The Journal of Jacob Fowler: Narrating an Adventure from Arkansas Through the Indian; Territory, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico, to; the Sources of Rio Grande del Norte, 1821-22
The Moon Hoax : $b Or, A Discovery that the Moon has a Vast Population of Human Beings
Mediæval Military Architecture in England, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Country Doctor
The Red Inn
Complete Project Gutenberg Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. Works
The Wentworth Letter
The Heart of Mid-Lothian, Volume 2
Poems Chiefly from Manuscript
The Sea Lions; Or, The Lost Sealers
Christopher Carson, Familiarly Known as Kit Carson
The Hurricane Guide: Being an Attempt to Connect the Rotary Gale or Revolving Storm with Atmospheric Waves.
Rouen, Its History and Monuments: A Guide to Strangers
Cornelius O'Dowd Upon Men And Women And Other Things In General
Christology of the Old Testament: And a Commentary on the Messianic Predictions. Vol. 2
Guide to the Kindergarten and Intermediate Class; and Moral Culture of Infancy.
Maxims and Hints on Angling, Chess, Shooting, and Other Matters: Also, Miseries of Fishing
Charles Darwin: His Life Told in an Autobiographical Chapter, and in a Selected Series of His Published Letters
President Heber C. Kimball's Journal: Seventh Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Designed for the Instruction and Encouragement of Young Latter-day Saints
Narrative of the Battle of Cowan's Ford, February 1st, 1781: and Narrative of the Battle of Kings Mountain
The Lady's Country Companion; Or, How to Enjoy a Country Life Rationally
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 9 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
An Easy Introduction to Spanish Conversation: Containing all that is necessary to make a rapid progress in it
The Conchologist's First Book: A System of Testaceous Malacology, Arranged Expressly for the Use of Schools, in Which the Animals, According to Cuvier, Are Given With the Shells, a Great Number of New Species Added, and the Whole Brought Up, as Accurately as Possible, to the Present Condition of the Science.
The life and adventures of Alexander Selkirk, the real Robinson Crusoe : $b A narrative founded on facts. History of the wanderings of Tom Starboard.
An Old Maid
Study of a Woman
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 5: 1858-1862
La Constantin: Celebrated Crimes
The Allen House; Or, Twenty Years Ago and Now
The Scottish Chiefs
Cecilia; Or, Memoirs of an Heiress — Volume 2
Quotes and Images from Celebrated Crimes
Ned Myers, or, a Life Before the Mast
A Portraiture of Quakerism, Volume 1: Taken from a View of the Education and Discipline, Social Manners, Civil and Political Economy, Religious Principles and Character, of the Society of Friends
The Hedge School; The Midnight Mass; The Donagh: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
What Is Free Trade?: An Adaptation of Frederic Bastiat's "Sophismes Éconimiques" Designed for the American Reader
Sophisms of the Protectionists
Mr. Midshipman Easy
A Journey in Russia in 1858
The Dodd Family Abroad, Vol. I
Feats on the Fiord
Twelfth Night; or, What You Will
Bits of Blarney
The Toilet of Flora: or, A collection of the most simple and approved methods of preparing baths, essences, pomatums, powders, perfumes, and sweet-scented waters. With receipts for cosmetics of every kind, that can smooth and brighten the skin, give force to beauty, and take off the appearance of old age and decay
Of the Injustice of Counterfeiting Books: From: Essays and Treaties on Moral, Political and various Philosophical Subjects
The Indian Fairy Book: From the Original Legends
Father Henson's Story of His Own Life: Truth Stranger Than Fiction
Honoré de Balzac
Diaries of Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore, Volume 2 (of 2): Comprising Their Life and Work as Recorded in Their Diaries, from 1812 to 1883
The Romany Rye: A sequel to "Lavengro"
History of Spanish Literature, vol. 1 (of 3)
Historical Record of the Fifth Regiment of Foot, or Northumberland Fusiliers: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1674, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1837
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin. Vol. 3 (of 8)
History of the inductive sciences, from the earliest to the present time
The Arctic regions and the northern whale-fishery
Massimilla Doni
The Life and Perambulations of a Mouse
Cinq-Mars
Narrative and Miscellaneous Papers — Volume 2
The Poems of Schiller — Second period
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 12.: Second Series
Peter Stuyvesant, the Last Dutch Governor of New Amsterdam
Mary Erskine
The Settlers in Canada
Beauties of Tennyson
The Raven
The Settlers in Canada
Memoirs of the Court and Cabinets of George the Third: From the Original Family Documents, Volume 2
The Spy: Condensed for use in schools
The Castle of Andalusia: A Comic Opera, in Three Acts
The Sheep and Lamb
A Manual of Ancient History: Particularly with Regard to the Constitutions, the Commerce, and the Colonies, of the States of Antiquity
The Journal of the Debates in the Convention which Framed the Constitution of the United States, May-September 1787. Volume 2
The Country House (with Designs)
The Little Glass Man, and Other Stories
Memoirs of the Duchesse De Dino (Afterwards Duchesse de Talleyrand et de Sagan), 1841-1850
James's Account of S. H. Long's Expedition, 1819-1820, part 4
Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, Volume V.
Personal sketches of his own times, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Historical Record of the Third, Or the King's Own Regiment of Light Dragoons: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1846.
Church History, Volume 2 (of 3)
The Old Chelsea Bun-House: A Tale of the Last Century
The Life, Times, and Scientific Labours of the Second Marquis of Worcester: To which is added a reprint of his Century of Inventions, 1663, with a Commentary thereon.
Modern Poets and Poetry of Spain
Four Phases of Morals: Socrates, Aristotle, Christianity, Utilitarianism
The Napoleon Gallery: or, Illustrations of the life and times of the emperor of France
Travels Into Bokhara (Volume 2 of 3): Being the Account of A Journey from India to Cabool, Tartary, and Persia; Also, Narrative of a Voyage on the Indus, From the Sea to Lahore, With Presents From the King of Great Britain; Performed Under the Orders of the Supreme Government of India, in the Years 1831, 1832, and 1833
Memoirs of the Princesse de Ligne, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The journal of Frederick Horneman's travels, from Cairo to Mourzouk, the capital of the kingdom of Fezzan, in Africa, in the years 1797-8
The Secrets of the Princesse de Cadignan
A Start in Life
The Muse of the Department
The History of Caliph Vathek
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation
Cecilia; Or, Memoirs of an Heiress — Volume 3
The Complete Poems of Sir Thomas Moore: Collected by Himself with Explanatory Notes
Poems
Paris as It Was and as It Is: A Sketch Of The French Capital, Illustrative Of The Effects Of The Revolution
Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border, Volume 2 (of 3): Consisting of Historical and Romantic Ballads, Collected in the Southern Counties of Scotland; with a Few of Modern Date, Founded Upon Local Tradition
A Narrative of the Expedition to Dongola and Sennaar: Under the Command of His Excellence Ismael Pasha, undertaken; by Order of His Highness Mehemmed Ali Pasha, Viceroy of; Egypt, By An American In The Service Of The Viceroy
Rollo in Holland
Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Volume 5 (of 10)
Xerxes: Makers of History
Turandot, Princess of China: A Chinoiserie in Three Acts
Chronicles of border warfare : $b or, A history of the settlement by the whites, of north-western Virginia, and of the Indian wars and massacres, in that section of the state
Poetical Works of William Cullen Bryant: Household Edition
Cyrus the Great: Makers of History
The Infant's Skull; Or, The End of the World. A Tale of the Millennium
The Poetical Works of William Wordsworth — Volume 4 (of 8)
George Crabbe: Poems, Volume 2 (of 3)
Wau-Bun: The "Early Day" of the North-West
Sketches of Persia
On the Connexion of the Physical Sciences
Historical Record of the Sixteenth, or, the Bedfordshire Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1688, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1848
A History of Architecture in all Countries, Volume 1, 3rd ed.: From the Earliest Times to the Present Day
A Colored Man's Reminiscences of James Madison
A View of Society and Manners in France, Switzerland, and Germany, Vol. 2 (of 2): With Anecdotes Relating to Some Eminent Characters
In colonial days
Ornithological biography, Vol. 4 (of 5) : $b An account of the habits of the birds of the United States of America
The Hidden Masterpiece
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 05
Sketches and Studies
Domestic Cookery, Useful Receipts, and Hints to Young Housekeepers
The Best Letters of Charles Lamb
Contigo Pan y Cebolla
The Narrative of Lunsford Lane, Formerly of Raleigh, N.C.: Embracing an account of his early life, the redemption by purchase of himself and family from slavery, and his banishment from the place of his birth for the crime of wearing a colored skin
A Bibliographical, Antiquarian and Picturesque Tour in France and Germany, Volume One
A Disquisition on the Evils of Using Tobacco: and the Necessity of Immediate and Entire Reformation
Think Before You Speak; Or, The Three Wishes
The Testimony of the Rocks: or, Geology in Its Bearings on the Two Theologies, Natural and Revealed
Benjamin Franklin: A Picture of the Struggles of Our Infant Nation One Hundred Years Ago
The History and Antiquities of the Doric Race, Vol. 2 of 2
The Vicar of Wrexhill
Knowledge Is Power:: A View of the Productive Forces of Modern Society and the Results of Labor, Capital and Skill.
Norman's New Orleans and Environs: Containing a Brief Historical Sketch of the Territory and State of Louisiana and the City of New Orleans, from the Earliest Period to the Present Time
History of the Reformation in the Sixteenth Century, Volume 5: The Reformation in England
Embassy to the Eastern Courts of Cochin-China, Siam, and Muscat: In the U. S. Sloop-of-war Peacock, David Geisinger, Commander, During the Years 1832-3-4
Thirty Years' View (Vol. 2 of 2): or, A History of the Working of the American Government for Thirty Years, from 1820 to 1850
My Memoirs, Vol. IV, 1830 to 1831
Symmes's Theory of Concentric Spheres: Demonstrating that the Earth is hollow, habitable within, and widely open about the poles
Historical Record of the Fifty-Third, or the Shropshire Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1755 and of its subsequent services to 1848
The Autobiography of Lieutenant-General Sir Harry Smith, Baronet of Aliwal on the Sutlej, G.C.B.
An Account of the Life and Writings of S. Irenæus, Bishop of Lyons and Martyr: Intended to Illustrate the Doctrine, Discipline, Practices, and History of the Church, and the Tenets and Practices of the Gnostic Heretics During the Second Century
The Life of a Fox, Written by Himself
The family Robinson Crusoe : $b or, journal of a father shipwrecked, with his wife and children, on an uninhabited island.
The Hated Son
Z. Marcas
Lady Clare
The Caesars
Our Hundred Days in Europe
Anecdotes of Painters, Engravers, Sculptors and Architects, and Curiosities of Art (Vol. 3 of 3)
Santa Teresa: An Appreciation: With Some of the Best Passages of the Saint's Writings
The Jest Book: The Choicest Anecdotes and Sayings
Anecdotes of Painters, Engravers, Sculptors  and Architects, and Curiosities of Art (Vol. 2 of 3)
A history of England principally in the seventeenth century, Volume 1 (of 6)
The One Hoss Shay: With its Companion Poems How the Old Horse Won the Bet &; The Broomstick Train
Apparitions; Or, The Mystery of Ghosts, Hobgoblins, and Haunted Houses Developed
The South-West, by a Yankee. In Two Volumes. Volume 2
A Journey to Ohio in 1810, as Recorded in the Journal of Margaret Van Horn Dwight
Adeline Mowbray; or, The Mother and Daughter
The Life and Writings of Henry Fuseli, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Indian in his Wigwam; Or, Characteristics of the Red Race of America: From Original Notes and Manuscripts
Ten Thousand a-Year. Volume 2.
Peregrine in France: A Lounger's Journal, in Familiar Letters to His Friend
Spanish America, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Colleen Bawn; or, the Brides of Garryowen
Travels into Bokhara (Volume 3 of 3): Being the Account of A Journey from India to Cabool, Tartary, and Persia; Also, Narrative of a Voyage on the Indus, From the Sea to Lahore, With Presents From the King of Great Britain; Performed Under the Orders of the Supreme Government of India, in the Years 1831, 1832, and 1833
Hildreth's "Japan as It Was and Is": A Handbook of Old Japan, Volume 2 (of 2)
The archæology of Rome, Part 8 : $b The aqueducts
James Nasmyth, Engineer: An Autobiography
A Sketch of the Life of Brig. Gen. Francis Marion and a History of His Brigade
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 1: 1832-1843
Jack Tier; Or, The Florida Reef
State of the Union Addresses
The History of the Reign of Ferdinand and Isabella the Catholic — Volume 3
The Talisman, from the Russian of Alexander Pushkin; With Other Pieces
Bracebridge Hall, or The Humorists
Notes on the Apocalypse
The Ceremonies of the Holy-Week at Rome
Guy Rivers: A Tale of Georgia
The Letters of Elizabeth Barrett Browning (Volume 2 of 2)
Corinne; Or, Italy. Volume 1 (of 2)
A Popular History of France from the Earliest Times: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Group: A Farce
Diary from November 12, 1862, to October 18, 1863
An Account of the Diseases which were most frequent in the British military hospitals in Germany
Perpetual Motion
Bubbles from the Brunnens of Nassau: By an Old Man.
"Their Majesties' Servants." Annals of the English Stage (Volume 3 of 3)
Adventures of a Soldier, Written by Himself: Being the Memoirs of Edward Costello, K.S.F. Formerly a Non-Commissioned Officer in the Rifle Brigade, Late Captain in the British Legion, and Now One of the Wardens of the Tower of London; Comprising Narratives of the Campaigns in the Peninsula under the Duke of Wellington, and the Subsequent Civil Wars in Spain.
The Life of Josiah Henson, Formerly a Slave, Now an Inhabitant of Canada
Brazil and La Plata: The personal record of a cruise
History of Greece, Volume 06 (of 12)
Stories of Romance
History of Greece, Volume 05 (of 12)
Valperga Volume 1 (of 3): or, The life and adventures of Castruccio, prince of Lucca
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 06 (of 12)
The old paths, or the Talmud tested by Scripture: Being a comparison of the principles and doctrines of modern Judaism with the religion of Moses and the prophets
Aspects of nature, in different lands and different climates (Vol. 2 of 2): with scientific elucidations
Travels in Africa, Egypt, and Syria, from the year 1792 to 1798
Modern cookery for private families
Gambara
Guy Mannering, Or, the Astrologer — Complete
Quotes and Images from the Writings of Abraham Lincoln
A Strange Story — Volume 05
The Felon's Track; Or, History of the Attempted Outbreak in Ireland: Embracing the Leading Events in the Irish Struggle From the Year 1843 to the Close of 1848
Twenty-Seven Years in Canada West: The Experience of an Early Settler (Volume I)
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels, Volume 16
Poems of Rural Life in the Dorset Dialect
Jack Hinton: The Guardsman
Olive Leaves; Or, Sketches of Character
Conversations on Natural Philosophy, in which the Elements of that Science are Familiarly Explained
Observations on Madness and Melancholy: Including Practical Remarks on those Diseases together with Cases and an Account of the Morbid Appearances on Dissection
The History of Chivalry; Or, Knighthood and Its Times, Volume 1 (of 2)
Christianity and Modern Thought
Letters to an Unknown
Scott's Lady of the Lake
An Essay on Demonology, Ghosts and Apparitions, and Popular Superstitions: Also, an Account of the Witchcraft Delusion at Salem, in 1692
The War of Women, Volume 1
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 5 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
History of Spanish Literature, vol. 2 (of 3)
An Attempt to Explain the Origin and Meaning of the Early Interlaced Ornamentation Found on the Sculptured Stones of Scotland, Ireland, and the Isle of Man
Secret History; or, the Horrors of St. Domingo: In a Series of Letters, Written by a Lady at Cape Francois, to Colonel Burr, Late Vice-President of the United States, Principally During the Command of General Rochambeu
Journal of Travels From St. Josephs to Oregon: With Observations of That Country, Together With Some Description of California, Its Agricultural Interests, and a Full Description of Its Gold Mines.
A Treatise on Bread, and Bread-making
The History of the Manners and Customs of Ancient Greece, Volume 1 (of 3)
Celtic Scotland : $b A history of ancient Alban. Volume 2 (of 3), Church and culture
The archæology of Rome, Part 7 : $b The Flavian amphitheatre, commonly called the Colosseum
The Purse
The Guardian Angel
Life of George Washington — Volume 01
Godolphin, Volume 6.
Wanderings in South America
Damon and Delia: A Tale
Select Speeches of Kossuth
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 13
The Letters of Lord Nelson to Lady Hamilton, Vol. I.: With A Supplement Of Interesting Letters By Distinguished Characters
Wreaths of Friendship: A Gift for the Young
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 5: With His Letters and Journals
A Bibliographical, Antiquarian and Picturesque Tour in France and Germany, Volume Two
Companion to the Bible
Letters of Edward FitzGerald, in Two Volumes. Vol. 2
Traditions of the North American Indians, Vol. 2
Percival Keene
An Essay on the Lyric Poetry of the Ancients
A New Voyage Round the World in the Years 1823, 24, 25, and 26. Vol. 1
The regent's daughter
Ringan Gilhaize, or, The Covenanters
Tom Burke Of "Ours", Volume II
Memoirs of the Extraordinary Military Career of John Shipp: Late a Lieut. in His Majesty's 87th Regiment
A Rent In A Cloud
History of the Reign of Philip the Second, King of Spain, Vols. 1 and 2
The Student's Life of Washington; Condensed from the Larger Work of Washington Irving: For Young Persons and for the Use of Schools
Barrington. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Works of Honoré de Balzac: About Catherine de' Medici, Seraphita, and Other Stories
An Account of the Bell Rock Light-House: Including the Details of the Erection and Peculiar Structure of That Edifice; to Which Is Prefixed a Historical View of the Institution and Progress of the Northern Light-Houses
Memoirs of the Empress Josephine, Vol. 1 of 2
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. 2 (of 9): Being His Autobiography, Correspondence, Reports, Messages, Addresses, and Other Writings, Official and Private
On the Philosophy of Discovery, Chapters Historical and Critical
The Wild Elephant and the Method of Capturing and Taming it in Ceylon
Rambles in Yucatan; or, Notes of Travel Through the Peninsula: Including a Visit to the Remarkable Ruins of Chi-Chen, Kabah, Zayi, and Uxmal. 2nd ed
Home Life in Russia, Volumes 1 and 2: [Dead Souls]
Ulysses of Ithaca
The Footprints of the Jesuits
An Earnest Exhortation to a Frequent Reception of the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper: Particularly Addressed to Young Persons
Eyes and No Eyes, and Other Stories
Scenes and legends of the north of Scotland : $b or, The traditional history of Cromarty
The history of the condition of women in various ages and nations : $b Vol. 1 (of 2), Comprising the women of Asia and Africa
Melmoth Reconciled
The Firm of Nucingen
A Drama on the Seashore
The Exiles
Guy Mannering
Fridthjof's Saga; a Norse romance
Gerfaut — Complete
State of the Union Addresses
Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures
Journal of an African Cruiser: Comprising Sketches of the Canaries, the Cape De Verds, Liberia, Madeira, Sierra Leone, and Other Places of Interest on the West Coast of Africa
The Great Speeches and Orations of Daniel Webster: With an Essay on Daniel Webster as a Master of English Style
Peter Simple; and, The Three Cutters, Vol. 1-2
Roman Antiquities, and Ancient Mythology: For Classical Schools (2nd ed)
She Would Be a Soldier; Or, The Plains of Chippewa
Before and after Waterloo: Letters from Edward Stanley, sometime Bishop of Norwich (1802; 1814; 1816)
Records of Later Life
The Abbatial Crosier; or, Bonaik and Septimine. A Tale of a Medieval Abbess
The Messiah in Moses and the Prophets
Algic Researches, Comprising Inquiries Respecting the Mental Characteristics of the North American Indians, First Series. Indian Tales and Legends, Vol. 1 of 2
The Life of Benjamin Franklin: With Many Choice Anecdotes and admirable sayings of this great man never before published by any of his biographers
The Surrender of Calais: A Play, in Three Acts
Oregon and Eldorado; or, Romance of the Rivers
Paul and His Dog, v.2 (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XIV)
The Popham Colony : $b a discussion of its historical claims, with a bibliography of the subject
Lectures on the Philosophy of the Human Mind (Vol. 1 of 3)
The Botanical Magazine,  Vol. 13: Or, Flower-Garden Displayed
History of the Expedition Under the Command of Captains Lewis and Clark, Vol. 2.: To the Sources of the Missouri, Thence Across the Rocky Mountains and Down the River Columbia to the Pacific Ocean. Performed During the Years 1804-5-6.
A Book of Christian Sonnets
The Peep of Day
Servetus and Calvin: A Study of an Important Epoch in the Early History of the Reformation
Slavery in History
Religious Experience and Journal of Mrs. Jarena Lee: Giving an Account of Her Call to Preach the Gospel
Host and Guest : $b a book about dinners, dinner-giving, wines, and desserts
Narrative of travels and discoveries in Northern and Central Africa, in the years 1822, 1823, and 1824
Miscellanies
Compensation : $b Being an essay as written by Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Wandering Jew — Volume 01
Narrative and Miscellaneous Papers — Volume 1
Sidonia, the Sorceress : the Supposed Destroyer of the Whole Reigning Ducal House of Pomerania — Volume 1
The Disowned — Volume 03
Memoirs of Aaron Burr, Volume 2.
Abbotsford and Newstead Abbey
Ballads, Founded on Anecdotes Relating to Animals
The Haunted Mind (From "Twice Told Tales")
The Miraculous Pitcher: (From: "A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys")
An Essay on War, in Blank Verse; Honington Green, a Ballad; the Culprit, an Elegy; and Other Poems, on Various Subjects
The History of the Rise, Progress and Accomplishment of the Abolition of the African Slave Trade by the British Parliament (1808), Volume I
Selections from Wordsworth and Tennyson
Traditions of Lancashire, Volume 1
Life of Tecumseh, and of His Brother the Prophet: With a Historical Sketch of the Shawanoe Indians
The Dead Boxer: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Going to Maynooth: Traits and Stories of the Irish Peasantry, The Works of William Carleton, Volume Three
The Life of George Washington, Vol. 5: Commander in Chief of the American Forces During the War; which Established the Independence of his Country and First; President of the United States
Strife and Peace
A Narrative of Some of the Lord's Dealings with George Müller. Part 1
Historical Sketches, Volume I (of 3): The Turks in Their Relation to Europe; Marcus Tullius Cicero; Apollonius of Tyana; Primitive Christianity
The Crofton Boys
A Monograph on the Sub-class Cirripedia (Volume 1 of 2): The Lepadidae; Or, Pedunculated Cirripedes
Leonora
Joseph Bonaparte: Makers of History
The Pilot's Daughter: an account of Elizabeth Cullingham
Little Ann, and Other Poems
The Entail; or, The Lairds of Grippy
The History of the Crusades (vol. 2 of 3)
Melmoth the Wanderer, Vol. 4
Letters to Catherine E. Beecher, in reply to an essay on slavery and abolitionism, addressed to A. E. Grimké
Memoirs of the life, exile, and conversations of the Emperor Napoleon. (Vol. III)
The Sieges of Vienna by the Turks
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England. Volume 6 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe volume 6
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 6 (of 6)
Rollo's Philosophy [Fire]
The Charterhouse of Parma, Volume 2
Historical Record of the Thirty-ninth, or the Dorsetshire Regiment of Foot: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1702, and of its subsequent services to 1853.
In and About Drury Lane, and Other Papers, Vol. 2 (of 2): Reprinted from the pages of the 'Temple Bar' Magazine
Letters of Alexander von Humboldt to Varnhagen von Ense.: From 1827 to 1858. With extracts from Varnhagen's diaries, and letters of Varnhagen and others to Humboldt
The lives of celebrated travellers, Vol. 1. (of 3)
The sensitive plant
A Prince of Bohemia
Albert Savarus
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 21
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication — Volume 2
Septimius Felton, or, the Elixir of Life
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 02
Stories from the Italian Poets: with Lives of the Writers, Volume 1
The Fairy Godmothers and Other Tales
Poor Relations
What I Saw in California: A Description of Its Soil, Climate, Productions, and Gold Mines, with the Best Routes and Latest Information for Intending Emigrants; to Which is Annexed an Appendix Containing Official Documents and Letters Authenticating the Accounts of the Quantities of Gold Found, with Its Actual Value Ascertained by Chemical Assay; also Late Communications Containing Accounts of the Highest Interest and Importance from the Gold Districts; with a Map
The Cross of Berny; Or, Irene's Lovers
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 07
Evidences of Christianity
A Portraiture of Quakerism, Volume 3: Taken from a View of the Education and Discipline, Social Manners, Civil and Political Economy, Religious Principles and Character, of the Society of Friends
Valentine M'Clutchy, The Irish Agent: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Notes of a Twenty-Five Years' Service in the Hudson's Bay Territory. Volume II.
The Life of George Washington, Vol. 3: Commander in Chief of the American Forces During the War; which Established the Independence of his Country and First; President of the United States
Who Are Happiest? and Other Stories
Log-book of Timothy Boardman: Kept on Board the Privateer Oliver Cromwell, During a Cruise from New London, Ct., to Charleston, S. C., and Return, in 1778; Also, a Biographical Sketch of the Author.
Leading Articles on Various Subjects
A Morning's Walk from London to Kew
Maurice Tiernay, Soldier of Fortune
Memoirs of Service Afloat, During the War Between the States
The Ports, Harbours, Watering-places and Picturesque Scenery of Great Britain Vol. 1
An Examination into and an Elucidation of the Great Principle of the Mediation and Atonement of Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
The Poetical Works of James Beattie
The Steam Engine Explained and Illustrated (Seventh Edition): With an Account of Its Invention and Progressive Improvement, and Its Application to Navigation and Railways; Including Also a Memoir of Watt
Coaching, with Anecdotes of the Road
Zoological Illustrations, Second Series, Volume 1: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
The History of the Revolutions of Portugal
Art-Studies from Nature, as Applied to Design: For the use of architects, designers, and manufacturers
Elizabeth Montagu, the queen of the bluestockings, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b Her correspondence from 1720 to 1761
A tour through Holland : $b along the right and left banks of the Rhine, to the south of Germany, in the summer and autumn of 1806
Letters of George Borrow to the British and Foreign Bible Society
An Historical Mystery (The Gondreville Mystery)
A Second Home
The History of England, from the Accession of James II — Volume 3
The Bravo of Venice: A Romance
On Books and the Housing of Them
The Life, Studies, and Works of Benjamin West, Esq.: Composed from Materials Furnished by Himself
Travels in Syria and the Holy Land
The Farmer's Boy: A Rural Poem
Personal Poems, Complete: Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 09: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
Poems, &c. (1790): Wherein It Is Attempted To Describe Certain Views Of Nature And Of Rustic Manners; And Also, To Point Out, In Some Instances, The Different Influence Which The Same Circumstances Produce On Different Characters
The Fugitive Blacksmith: or, Events in the History of James W. C. Pennington, Pastor of a Presbyterian Church, New York, Formerly a Slave in the State of Maryland, United States
The Knight of the Golden Melice: A Historical Romance
The Home in the Valley
Piano and song : $b How to teach, how to learn, and how to form a judgment of musical performances
Ixion In Heaven
The Life and Times of Ulric Zwingli
Davenport Dunn, a Man of Our Day. Volume 2 (of 2)
The Letters of the Duke of Wellington to Miss J., 1834-1851: Edited, with Extracts from the Diary of the Latter
Secret History of the Court of England, from the Accession of George the Third to the Death of George the Fourth, Volume 2 (of 2): Including, Among Other Important Matters, Full Particulars of the Mysterious Death of the Princess Charlotte
Memoirs of the Life and Labours of the Rev. Samuel Marsden, of Paramatta, Senior Chaplain of New South Wales; and of His Early Connexion with the Missions to New Zealand and Tahiti
Love Letters of Nathaniel Hawthorne, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Privy Purse Expenses of King Henry VIII from November MDXXIX, to December MDXXXII
Adonijah: A Tale of the Jewish Dispersion.
Tippoo Sultaun: A tale of the Mysore war
Tanglewood Tales
Melmoth the Wanderer, Vol. 2
History of the Indians, of North and South America
Colonization and Christianity: A popular history of the treatment of the natives by the; Europeans in all their colonies
Dealings with the Inquisition; Or, Papal Rome, Her Priests, and Her Jesuits
The Opening Heavens: or a Connected View of the Testimony of the Prophets and Apostles, Concerning the Opening Heavens, Compared With Astronomical Observations, and of the Present and Future Location of the New Jerusalem, the Paradise of God
Index for the Project Gutenberg Series "American Pioneers and Patriots"
Useful Knowledge: Volume 2. Vegetables: Or, a familiar account of the various productions of nature
The History of Lynn, Vol. 1 [of 2]
A Treatise on Mechanics
New system of domestic cookery, formed upon principles of economy, and adapted to the use of private families
The life of Poggio Bracciolini
The New McGuffey First Reader
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 03
John Lothrop Motley, A Memoir — Complete
Confession; Or, The Blind Heart. A Domestic Story
Count Alarcos; a Tragedy
The Christmas Banquet (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Paul and Virginia from the French of J.B.H. de Saint Pierre
Poems (1786), Volume I.
Venetia
Jonas on a Farm in Winter
Barford Abbey, a Novel: In a Series of Letters
Sketches
John Bull; Or, The Englishman's Fireside: A Comedy, in Five Acts
Traditions of the North American Indians, Vol. 1
The Old Man of the Mountain, The Lovecharm and Pietro of Abano: Tales from the German of Tieck
Hints on Horsemanship, to a Nephew and Niece: or, Common Sense and Common Errors in Common Riding
The Song of Deirdra, King Byrge and his Brothers, and Other Ballads
Adventures in the Philippine Islands
The Ports, Harbours, Watering-places and Picturesque Scenery of Great Britain Vol. 2
Rambles by Land and Water; or, Notes of Travel in Cuba and Mexico
The Life and Writings of Henry Fuseli, Volume 2 (of 3)
The Brownie of Bodsbeck, and Other Tales (Vol. 1 of 2)
The Royal Life Guard; or, the flight of the royal family.: A historical romance of the suppression of the French monarchy
Napoleon's Appeal to the British Nation, on His Treatment at Saint Helena
The War in Syria, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Irish Crisis
The Plague of Lust, Vol. 2 (of 2): Being a History of Venereal Disease in Classical Antiquity
Travels through the states of North America, and the provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, during the years 1795, 1796, and 1797 [Vol. 1 of 2]
The Lives of Celebrated Travellers, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Elizabeth Montagu, the queen of the bluestockings, Volume 2 (of 2) : $b Her correspondence from 1720 to 1761
Lectures on painting, delivered at the Royal Academy : $b With additional observations and notes
History of the Conquest of Peru
The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species
Biographical Essays
The Story of the Odyssey
Tales and Novels — Volume 07: Patronage [part 1]
The Literary Remains of Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Volume 3
Precaution: A Novel
Four Early Pamphlets
Lives of the English Poets: From Johnson to Kirke White, Designed as a Continuation of Johnson's Lives
Folk-Tales of Napoleon: Napoleonder from the Russian; The Napoleon of the People from the French of Honoré De Balzac
The Coquette, or, The History of Eliza Wharton: A Novel: Founded on Fact
The lieutenant and commander : $b being autobiographical sketches of his own career, from Fragments of voyages and travels
The Beauty Of The Village
A New Voyage Round the World, in the years 1823, 24, 25, and 26, Vol. 2
The History of England, from the Accession of James II.: Complete Contents of the Five Volumes
A Vindication of the Seventh-Day Sabbath and the Commandments of God: With a Further History of God's Peculiar People from 1847-1848
Secret History of the Court of England, from the Accession of George the Third to the Death of George the Fourth, Volume 1 (of 2): Including, Among Other Important Matters, Full Particulars of the Mysterious Death of the Princess Charlotte
Pine Needles
The Dramas of Victor Hugo: Mary Tudor, Marion de Lorme, Esmeralda
Atrocious Judges : Lives of Judges Infamous as Tools of Tyrants and Instruments of Oppression
The Bath Keepers; Or, Paris in Those Days, v.1: (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume VII)
Ruins of Ancient Cities (Vol. 1 of 2): With General and Particular Accounts of Their Rise, Fall, and Present Condition
History of the Great Reformation of the Sixteenth Century in Germany, Switzerland, &c., Volume 4
The Camp of Refuge: A Tale of the Conquest of the Isle of Ely
Glimpses of Nature, and Objects of Interest Described, During a Visit to the Isle of Wight: Designed to Assist and Encourage Young Persons in Forming Habits of Observation
The Land of Evangeline: The Authentic Story of Her Country and Her People: With Evangeline by H. W. Longfellow
Forest, Rock, and Stream: A series of twenty steel line-engravings
Life and Treason of Benedict Arnold
Observations on the Diseases of Seamen
Don Quixote of the Mancha, Retold by Judge Parry
Ornithological biography, Vol. 2 (of 5) : $b An account of the habits of the birds of the United States of America
Use of the Dead to the Living
History of King Charles the First of England
The Prose Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley, Vol. 1 [of 2]
Memoirs of a London doll
Honorine
The Village Rector
Pages from an Old Volume of Life; A Collection of Essays, 1857-1881
Nature and Art
Address to the Inhabitants of the Colonies, established in New South Wales And Norfolk Island
Thaddeus of Warsaw
Seventy-Five Receipts for Pastry, Cakes and Sweetmeats, by Miss Leslie
Passages from the English Notebooks, Volume 1.
Poems of Coleridge
The New Adam and Eve (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
The History of the Rise, Progress and Accomplishment of the Abolition of the African Slave Trade by the British Parliament (1808), Volume II
Quatre contes de Prosper Mérimée
The Angel of Death
The Emancipation Proclamation
The Life and Public Service of General Zachary Taylor: An Address
Valerie
Deerbrook
The History of Tasmania, Volume I
Ten Thousand a-Year. Volume 1.
The Story of Hiawatha, Adapted from Longfellow
One Of Them
Illustrative Anecdotes of the Animal Kingdom
The Shepherd's Calendar. Volume I (of II)
Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, Volume 6 (of 10)
The History of Painting in Italy, Vol. 4 (of 6): From the Period of the Revival of the Fine Arts to the End of the Eighteenth Century
A Dialogue upon the Gardens of the Right Honorouble the Lord Viscount Cobham at Stow in Buckinghamshire
An Introduction to Entomology: Vol. 2: or Elements of the Natural History of the Insects
Harmonies of Political Economy: Translated from the Third French Edition, with a Notice of the Life and Writings of the Author
A British Rifle Man: The Journals and Correspondence of Major George Simmons, Rifle Brigade, During the Peninsular War and the Campaign of Waterloo
Autobiography of Sir John Rennie, F.R.S., Past President of the Institute of Civil Engineers: Comprising the history of his professional life, together with reminiscences dating from the commencement of the century to the present time.
Historical Record of the Fifth, or Princess Charlotte of Wales's Regiment of Dragoon Guards: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685; with Its Subsequent Services to 1838
Grand moving diorama of Hindostan : $b displaying the scenery of the Hoogly, the Bhagirathi, and the Ganges, from Fort William, Bengal, to Gangoutri, in the Himalaya
Culinary Chemistry: The Scientific Principles of Cookery, with Concise Instructions for Preparing Good and Wholesome Pickles, Vinegar, Conserves, Fruit Jellies, Marmalades, and Various Other Alimentary Substances Employed in Domestic Economy, with Observations on the Chemical Constitution and Nutritive Qualities of Different Kinds of Food.
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 1
An account of the manners and customs of the modern Egyptians
Le chevalier de Maison-Rouge
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 12 (of 12)
Domestic annals of Scotland : $b from the revolution to the rebellion of 1745
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 7 (of 9)
Madame Firmiani
Poems
Nisida: Celebrated Crimes
Rejected Addresses; Or, The New Theatrum Poetarum
Woman's Trials; Or, Tales and Sketches from the Life around Us
Charlemont; Or, The Pride of the Village. a Tale of Kentucky
Godolphin, Volume 1.
Godolphin, Complete
The Ignatian Epistles Entirely Spurious: A Reply to the Right Rev. Dr. Lightfoot
The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ
The Headsman; Or, The Abbaye des Vignerons
String Quartet No. 11 in F minor Opus 95 "Serioso"
Memoirs and Historical Chronicles of the Courts of Europe: Memoirs of Marguerite de Valois, Queen of France, Wife of Henri IV; of Madame de Pompadour of the Court of Louis XV; and of Catherine de Medici, Queen of France, Wife of Henri II
Secret Enemies of True Republicanism: Most important developments regarding the inner life of man and the spirit world, in order to abolish revolutions and wars and to establish permanent peace on earth, also: the plan for redemption of nations from monarchical and other oppresive [sic] speculations and for the introduction of the promised new era of harmony, truth and righteousness on the whole globe
The Letters of Lord Nelson to Lady Hamilton, Vol II.: With A Supplement Of Interesting Letters By Distinguished Characters
Statistical, Historical and Political Description of the Colony of New South Wales and its Dependent Settlements in Van Diemen's Land: With a Particular Enumeration of the Advantages Which These Colonies Offer for Emigration, and Their Superiority in Many Respects Over Those Possessed by the United States of America
Guano: A Treatise of Practical Information for Farmers
The Queen's Matrimonial Ladder: A National Toy, With Fourteen Step Scenes; and Illustrations in Verse, With Eighteen other Cuts
The Severed Hand: From "German Tales" Published by the American Publishers' Corporation
The Abenaki Indians: Their Treaties of 1713 & 1717, and a Vocabulary
Critical and Historical Essays, Volume III (of 3)
Henry IV, Makers of History
That Boy of Norcott's
Lives of Celebrated Women
Jasper Lyle
Discipline
The Three Perils of Man; or, War, Women, and Witchcraft, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Popular Tales
Zoological Illustrations, Second Series, Volume 2: or, Original Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, or Interesting Animals
Peter Parley's Own Story: From the Personal Narrative of the Late Samuel G. Goodrich, ("Peter Parley")
Prison Journals During the French Revolution
The adventures of Hernan Cortes, the conqueror of Mexico
A Code for the Government of Armies in the Field,: as authorized by the laws and usages of war on land.
The Courtship of Miles Standish:: With Suggestions for Study and Notes
Common Sense for Housemaids
The Birds of Australia, Vol. 5 of 7
First notions of logic (preparatory to the study of geometry)
Aspects of nature, in different lands and different climates (Vol. 1 of 2): with scientific elucidations
The History of the Manners and Customs of Ancient Greece, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Angel and the Demon: A Tale
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 4
El Verdugo
The Alkahest
Peter Bell the Third
The Wits and Beaux of Society. Volume 2
The Star-Chamber: An Historical Romance, Volume 1
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels - Volume 05: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the; Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea; and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
The Home; Or, Life in Sweden
Lavengro: The Scholar, the Gypsy, the Priest
Anti-Slavery Opinions before the Year 1800: Read before the Cincinnati Literary Club, November 16, 1872
The Young Lord, and Other Tales; to which is added Victorine Durocher
Memoirs of the Private Life, Return, and Reign of Napoleon in 1815, Vol. II
Romulus: Makers of History
Pilgrimage from the Alps to the Tiber : $b or, The influence of Romanism on trade, justice, and knowledge
Richard III: Makers of History
Account of a voyage of discovery to the west coast of Corea, and the great Loo-Choo Island
A Historical Survey of the Customs, Habits, & Present State of the Gypsies
An Essay on the Trial by Jury
Calavar; or, The Knight of The Conquest, A Romance of Mexico
The Cavaliers of Virginia, vol. 2 of 2: or, The Recluse of Jamestown; An historical romance of the Old Dominion
Visits and Sketches at Home and Abroad, Vol. 1 (of 3): With Tales and Miscellanies Now First Collected
The Barber of Paris
Incidents of Travel in Greece, Turkey, Russia, and Poland, Vol. 2 (of 2)
An Address to Men of Science: Calling Upon Them to Stand Forward and Vindicate the Truth....
Love Letters of Nathaniel Hawthorne, Volume 1 (of 2)
Narrative of a Journey Down the Ohio and Mississippi in 1789-90
History of the Prophet Joseph, by His Mother
Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, Volume III.
My adventures during the late war : $b A narrative of shipwreck, captivity, escapes from French prisons, and sea service in 1804-14
The Pantropheon; Or, History of Food, Its Preparation, from the Earliest Ages of the World
Achilles
Pharmacologia: Fourth American, from the Seventh London Edition
The Water-Colours of J. M. W. Turner
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of France, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Astronomy and General Physics Considered with Reference to Natural Theology
The pillars of Hercules : $b or, A narrative of travels in Spain and Morocco in 1848; vol. 1
On the Preparations of the Indian Hemp, or Gunjah (Cannabis Indica): Their Effects on the Animal System in Health, and Their Utility in the Treatment of Tetanus and Other Convulsive Diseases
Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo and across the Great Desert to Morocco performed in the year 1824-1828, in Two Volumes, Vol. I
The poems of Winthrop Mackworth Praed. [selected]
The autobiography of Arthur Young : $b with selections from his correspondence
Expedition to discover the sources of the White Nile, in the years 1840, 1841, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Romany Rye
Vendetta
Juana
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 11
Waverley Novels — Volume 12
Quotes and Images From Memoirs of Marie Antoinette
Godolphin, Volume 5.
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 05
The Young Woman's Guide
The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VII, Complete: The Conflict with Slavery, Politics and Reform, the Inner Life, and Criticism
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 6: Letters 1821-1842
Correspondence & Conversations of Alexis de Tocqueville with Nassau William Senior from 1834 to 1859, Volume 2
The government class book: Designed for the instruction of youth in the principles of constitutional government and the rights and duties of citizens.
Life of Lord Byron, Vol. 3: With His Letters and Journals
Life and Labors of Elder John Kline, the Martyr Missionary: Collated from his Diary by Benjamin Funk
The National Preacher, Vol. 2. No. 6., Nov. 1827: Or Original Monthly Sermons from Living Ministers
Modern Skepticism: A Journey Through the Land of Doubt and Back Again: A Life Story
Recreations of Christopher North, Volume 2
Parodies of Ballad Criticism (1711-1787): A Comment Upon the History of Tom Thumb, 1711, by William; Wagstaffe; The Knave of Hearts, 1787, by George Canning
"The story of my life" : $b (being reminiscences of sixty years' public service in Canada.)
Incidents of Travel in Greece, Turkey, Russia, and Poland, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Ghosts and Family Legends: A Volume for Christmas
Reports of the Committee on the Conduct of the War: Fort Pillow Massacre. Returned Prisoners.
Introduction to the Literature of Europe in the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Centuries, Vol. 1
Hogarth's Works, with life and anecdotal descriptions of his pictures. Volume 1 (of 3)
Democracy in France. January 1849
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin, Vol. 5 (of 8)
Pugilistica: The History of British Boxing, Volume 2 (of 3): Containing Lives of the Most Celebrated Pugilists; Full Reports of Their Battles from Contemporary Newspapers, With Authentic Portraits, Personal Anecdotes, and Sketches of the Principal Patrons of the Prize Ring, Forming a Complete History of the Ring from Fig and Broughton, 1719-1740, to the Last Championship Battle Between King and Heenan, in December 1863
Valperga Volume 2 (of 3): or, The life and adventures of Castruccio, prince of Lucca
Textile Fabrics: A Descriptive Catalogue of the Collection of Church-vestments, Dresses, Silk Stuffs, Needlework and Tapestries, forming that Section of the Museum
Prosper Mérimée's Short Stories
The nightingale
Letters and social aims
Lives of the Queens of England of the House of Hanover, volume 1 (of 2)
Expedition to discover the sources of the White Nile, in the years 1840, 1841, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The History of the Thirty Years' War
The Commission in Lunacy
Eve and David
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 02
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 08
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 18
Journals of Two Expeditions into the Interior of New South Wales
Nature and Human Nature
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Complete
An Old Woman's Tale: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
Tales and Novels — Volume 05: Tales of a Fashionable Life
The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VI. (Of VII): Old Portraits and Modern Sketches, Plus Personal Sketches and Tributes and Historical Papers
Brotherly Love: Shewing That as Merely Human It May Not Always Be Depended Upon
Newton Forster
Willy Reilly: The Works of William Carleton, Volume One
The Tithe-Proctor: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Recollections of Europe
The Pirate
The Teacher: Or, Moral Influences Employed in the Instruction and Government of the Young
A Journey to America in 1834
The Roman Traitor, Vol. 1
The Baron's Yule Feast: A Christmas Rhyme
Walladmor, Vol. 1 (of 2): "Freely Translated into German from the English of Sir Walter Scott." And Now Freely Translated from the German into English.
The South-West, by a Yankee. In Two Volumes. Volume 1
Charles Lever, His Life in His Letters, Vol. II
Plato's Doctrine Respecting the Rotation of the Earth and Aristotle's Comment Upon That Doctrine
Brother Jacques (Novels of Paul de Kock, Volume XVII)
The History of Johnny Quæ Genus, the Little Foundling of the Late Doctor Syntax.: A Poem by the Author of the Three Tours.
The Military Adventures of Johnny Newcome: With an Account of his Campaign on the Peninsula and in Pall Mall
The Greville Memoirs, Part 2 (of 3), Volume 3 (of 3): A Journal of the Reign of Queen Victoria from 1837 to 1852
A Lamp to the Path: Or, The Word of God in the Heart, the Home, the Workshop and the Market-Place
Account of the Russian Discoveries between Asia and America: To which are added, the conquest of Siberia, and the history of the transactions and commerce between Russia and China
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 1 (of 8)
A History of Architecture in All Countries, Volume 2, 3rd ed.: From the Earliest Times to the Present Day
North American Wild Flowers
History of Greece, Volume 02 (of 12)
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 03 (of 12)
Rudimentary Treatise on the Construction of Locks
A funeral sermon for the Rev. Joseph Kinghorn: preached in St. Mary's Meeting-house, Norwich, on Sunday afternoon, September 9th, 1832
Pugilistica: The History of British Boxing, Volume 3 (of 3): Containing Lives of the Most Celebrated Pugilists; Full Reports of Their Battles from Contemporary Newspapers, With Authentic Portraits, Personal Anecdotes, and Sketches of the Principal Patrons of the Prize Ring, Forming a Complete History of the Ring from Fig and Broughton, 1719-40, to the Last Championship Battle Between King and Heenan, in December 1863
The Birds of Australia, Vol. 1 of 7
Lady Maclairn, the victim of villany : A novel, volume 4 (of 4)
Journal of a second expedition into the interior of Africa, from the Bight of Benin to Soccatoo : $b To which is added, the journal of Richard Lander from Kano to the sea-coast, partly by a more eastern route.
Knights and their days
Remarks of Mr. Calhoun of South Carolina on the bill to prevent the interference of certain federal officers in elections: delivered in the Senate of the United States February 22, 1839
Visit to Iceland and the Scandinavian North
Christ in Flanders
Memoirs of the Comtesse Du Barry: With Minute Details of Her Entire Career as Favorite of Louis XV
The Witch of Atlas
State of the Union Addresses
Note Book of an English Opium-Eater
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Complete
Mrs. Mary Robinson, Written by Herself,: With the lives of the Duchesses of Gordon and Devonshire
Snarleyyow, or, the Dog Fiend
Dr. Scudder's Tales for Little Readers, About the Heathen.
Rollo in Paris
A Masque of Days: From the Last Essays of Elia: Newly Dressed & Decorated
History of New Brunswick
Grimhild's Vengeance: Three Ballads
The Fall of British Tyranny; Or, American Liberty Triumphant
The Works of Charles James Lever: An Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Lever
Maria Antoinette: Makers of History
The Redskins; or, Indian and Injin, Volume 1.: Being the Conclusion of the Littlepage Manuscripts
The Wine-ghosts of Bremen
Specimens of German Romance; Vol. II. Master Flea
History of the Colony and Ancient Dominion of Virginia
Ormond; Or, The Secret Witness. Volume 1 (of 3)
Mercedes of Castile; Or, The Voyage to Cathay
The Battle of Hexham; or, Days of Old: a play in three acts
Twenty-Five Years in the Rifle Brigade
Le Cocu (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XVIII)
My Neighbor Raymond (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XI)
Peter Parley's Visit to London, During the Coronation of Queen Victoria
Private Papers of William Wilberforce
Captives Among the Indians
Random Shots from a Rifleman
The Indian: On the Battle-Field and in the Wigwam
Dog Breaking: The Most Expeditious, Certain, and Easy Method, Whether Great Excellence or Only Mediocrity Be Required, With Odds and Ends for Those Who Love the Dog and Gun
Memoirs of the Empress Josephine, Vol. 2 of 2
Melmoth the Wanderer, Vol. 3
Narrative of a Voyage to Hudson's Bay in His Majesty's Ship Rosamond: Containing Some Account of the North-eastern Coast of America and of the Tribes Inhabiting That Remote Region
Historical Record of the Fourth, or the King's Own, Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1680, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1839
The Art of Being Happy: In a Series of Letters from a Father to His Children: with Observations and Comments
The Medals of Creation, Volumes 1 and 2: First Lessons in Geology and the Study of Organic Remains
English Battles and Sieges in the Peninsula.: Extracted from his 'Peninsula War'.
Rudimentary Architecture for the Use of Beginners: The Orders and Their Æsthetic Principles
Memoirs of Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, and of the Court of Queen Anne Vol. 1 (of 2)
History of scientific ideas
A few days in Athens: being the translation of a Greek manuscript discovered in Herculaneum
Table traits, with something on them
The Collection of Antiquities
Tales for Fifteen; Or, Imagination and Heart
The Monikins
The Effects of Cross & Self-Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom
The Disowned — Volume 02
The Rise of Iskander
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 03
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 08
The Jealousies of a Country Town
The Magician's Show Box, and Other Stories
In the Forest; Or, Pictures of Life and Scenery in the Woods of Canada: A Tale
The Fallen Star, or, the History of a False Religion by E.L. Bulwer; And, A Dissertation on the Origin of Evil by Lord Brougham
The Journal of a Mission to the Interior of Africa, in the Year 1805: Together with Other Documents, Official and Private, Relating to the Same Mission, to Which Is Prefixed an Account of the Life of Mr. Park
Far Off; Or, Asia and Australia Described: With Anecdotes and Illustrations
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels - Volume 18: Historical Sketch of the Progress of Discovery, Navigation, and; Commerce, from the Earliest Records to the Beginning of the Nineteenth; Century, By William Stevenson
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels, Volume 17: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History; of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and; Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the; Present Time
Historical Epochs of the French Revolution: With The Judgment And Execution Of Louis XVI., King Of France; And A List Of The Members Of The National Convention, Who Voted For And Against His Death
Great Indian Chief of the West; Or, Life and Adventures of Black Hawk
The Poetical Works of William Lisle Bowles, Vol. 1: With Memoir, Critical Dissertation, and Explanatory Notes by George Gilfillan
Rollo in London
Hortense: Makers of History Series
Anecdotes for boys
Captain Sword and Captain Pen: A Poem
A Letter to the Hon. Samuel A. Eliot, Representative in Congress From the City of Boston, In Reply to His Apology For Voting For the Fugitive Slave Bill.
The Gold Sickle; Or, Hena, The Virgin of The Isle of Sen. A Tale of Druid Gaul
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 3
Lives of Eminent Zoologists, from Aristotle to Linnæus: with Introductory remarks on the Study of Natural History
The Blacksmith's Hammer; or, The Peasant Code: A Tale of the Grand Monarch
Heads of Lectures on a Course of Experimental Philosophy: Particularly Including Chemistry
The Patriarchs: Being Meditations upon Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Job; The Canticles, Heaven and Earth.
Retrospect of Western Travel, Volume 2 (of 2)
Ruins and Old Trees, Associated with Memorable Events in English History
Modern Flirtations: A Novel
A Monograph on the Sub-class Cirripedia (Volume 2 of 2): The Balanidæ, (or Sessile Cirripedes); the Verrucidæ, etc., etc.
Spanish Papers
History of Greece, Volume 10 (of 12)
The History of Duelling. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Aleksandr Pushkin
The Courtship of Miles Standish
An Account of the Ladies of Llangollen
The Story Without an End
Eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal. Vol. 2 (of 3)
François the waif
Natural history of intellect, and other papers
Cobwebs to catch flies : $b or, Dialogues in short sentences adapted to children from the age of three to eight years
The Brotherhood of Consolation
Volcanic Islands
Geological Observations on South America
Heart-Histories and Life-Pictures
Lincoln Letters
Margaret Smith's Journal, and Tales and Sketches, Complete: Volume V of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Twenty-Two Years a Slave, and Forty Years a Freeman: Embracing a Correspondence of Several Years, While President of Wilberforce Colony, London, Canada West
A Narrative of a Nine Months' Residence in New Zealand in 1827
Review of the Work of Mr John Stuart Mill Entitled, 'Examination of Sir William Hamilton's Philosophy.'
Indian Nullification of the Unconstitutional Laws of Massachusetts Relative to the Marshpee Tribe: Or, the Pretended Riot Explained
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 04: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
The pocket George Borrow : $b passages chosen from the works of George Borrow
The Little People of the Snow
The History of Tasmania , Volume II
Christian Devotedness
The Last Penny and Other Stories
Atheism Among the People
The Buccaneer: A Tale
The Lion's Masquerade: A Sequel to The Peacock at Home
An Address Delivered at the Interment of Mrs. Harriet Storrs, Consort of Rev. Richard S. Storrs, Braintree, Mass., July 11, 1834.
The Three Perils of Man; or, War, Women, and Witchcraft, Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Mother's Nursery Songs
Valerius. A Roman Story
Natural History: Or, Uncle Philip's Conversations with the Children about Tools and Trades among Inferior Animals
Thirty Years' View (Vol. 1 of 2): or, A History of the Working of the American Government for Thirty Years, from 1820 to 1850
Spanish America, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Chetwynd Calverley: New Edition, 1877
Historical Record of the Fourth, or Royal Irish Regiment of Dragoon Guards.: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685; and of Its Subsequent Services to 1838
Life of John Knox, Fifth Edition, Vol. 2 of 2: Containing Illustrations of the History of the Reformation in Scotland
Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age, Vol. 3 of 3: I. Agorè: Polities of the Homeric Age. II. Ilios: Trojans and Greeks Compared. III. Thalassa: The Outer Geography. IV. Aoidos: Some Points of the Poetry of Homer.
Historical Record of the Seventh, or the Queen's Own Regiment of Hussars: Containing an Account of the Origin of the Regiment in 1690, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1842
Pennsylvania Dutch Rip Van Winkle: A romantic drama in two acts
Graphic illustrations of abortion and the diseases of menstruation: Consisting of Twelve Plates from Drawings Engraved on Stone, and Coloured by Mr. J. Perry, and Two Copper-plates from the Philosophical Transactions, Coloured by the Same Artist. the Whole Representing Forty-five Specimens of Aborted Ova and Adventitious Productions of the Uterus, With Preliminary Observations, Explanations of the Figures and Remarks, Anatomical and Physiological.
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 1 (of 6)
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 4 (of 6)
The letters of Richard Ford, 1797-1858
Under the mizzen mast: A voyage round the world
The sexagenarian; or, the recollections of a literary life (Volume 1 of 2)
Domestic Peace
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 09
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 2: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 3: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
Oak Openings
Godolphin, Volume 3.
An Essay on the Evils of Popular Ignorance
The Life of Samuel Taylor Coleridge: 1838
The Young Mother: Management of Children in Regard to Health
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 15: Forming A Complete History Of The Origin And Progress Of Navigation, Discovery, And Commerce, By Sea And Land, From The Earliest Ages To The Present Time
Journal of a Voyage from Okkak, on the Coast of Labrador, to Ungava Bay, Westward of Cape Chudleigh: Undertaken to Explore the Coast, and Visit the Esquimaux in That Unknown Region
The Annals of the Poor
The Stranger: A Drama, in Five Acts
Memoir of the Life of John Quincy Adams.
Frank Mildmay; Or, the Naval Officer
Grandmother's Story of Bunker Hill Battle, as She Saw it from the Belfry
Principle and Practice: The Orphan Family
Caleb in the Country
Rollo's Experiments
Rollo in Scotland
Rollo at Work
The Seventh Day Sabbath, a Perpetual Sign: 1847 edition
André
A Supplementary Chapter to the Bible in Spain
Josephine: Makers of History
The Silver Cross; Or, The Carpenter of Nazareth
Roland Cashel, Volume II (of II)
Witchcraft of New England Explained by Modern Spiritualism
A tour throughout South Wales and Monmouthshire
The Trial of Henry Hetherington, on an Indictment for Blasphemy
Western Scenes and Reminiscences: Together with Thrilling Legends and Traditions of the Red Men of the Forest
The Flower Girl of The Château d'Eau, v.2 (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XVI)
Miss Leslie's Lady's New Receipt-Book, 3rd ed.: A Useful Guide for Large or Small Families, Containing Directions for Cooking, Preserving, Pickling...
Constitutional History of England, Henry VII to George II. Volume 3 of 3
Tales of My Time, Vol. 2 (of 3): Who Is She? [concluded]; The Young Reformers
Leaves from My Journal: Third Book of the Faith-Promoting Series: Designed for the Instruction and Encouragement of Young Latter-Day Saints
The Pastor's Fire-side Vol. 1 (of 4)
Illustrations of Exotic Entomology, Volume 1
Famous Persons and Places
A supplementary report on the results of a special inquiry into the practice of interment in towns.
Visits to Fields of Battle, in England, of the Fifteenth Century: to which are added, some miscellaneous tracts and papers upon archæological subjects
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 02 (of 12)
History of Greece, Volume 04 (of 12)
The Woodcutter's Dog
The journal of Elizabeth Lady Holland (1791-1811) Volume 1 (of 2)
Historical record of the Eighty-seventh Regiment, or the Royal Irish Fusiliers : $b Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1793, and of its subsequent services to 1853
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 15
Coral Reefs; Volcanic Islands; South American Geology — Complete
Trials and Confessions of a Housekeeper
The Daemon of the World
The Complete Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley — Volume 3
Sketches by Seymour — Volume 01
Nothing to Eat
Autobiographic Sketches
Memoirs of the Life of the Rt. Hon. Richard Brinsley Sheridan — Volume 02
The Attaché; or, Sam Slick in England — Volume 02
Slavery Ordained of God
A Romance of the Republic
The Crater; Or, Vulcan's Peak: A Tale of the Pacific
Gentle Measures in the Management and Training of the Young: Or, the Principles on Which a Firm Parental Authority May Be Established and Maintained, Without Violence or Anger, and the Right Development of the Moral and Mental Capacities Be Promoted by Methods in Harmony with the Structure and the Characteristics of the Juvenile Mind
The Christian Life: Its Course, Its Hindrances, and Its Helps
Notes of a Twenty-Five Years' Service in the Hudson's Bay Territory. Volume I.
Jane Sinclair; Or, The Fawn Of Springvale: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Rollo in the Woods
Letters of Edward FitzGerald, in Two Volumes. Vol. 1
Rollo on the Atlantic
Stories by American Authors (Volume 4)
Rollo in Rome
Trial of Duncan Terig, alias Clerk, and Alexander Bane Macdonald: for the Murder of Arthur Davis, Sergeant in General Guise's; Regiment of Foot
View of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages, Vol. 3
The Dodd Family Abroad, Vol. II
The Cavaliers of Virginia, vol. 1 of 2: or, The Recluse of Jamestown; An historical romance of the Old Dominion
The Plurality of Worlds
Rule of the Monk; Or, Rome in the Nineteenth Century
An Historical View of the Philippine Islands, Vol 1 (of 2): Exhibiting their discovery, population, language, government, manners, customs, productions and commerce.
Wise Saws and Modern Instances, Volume 2 (of 2)
Constitutional History of England, Henry VII to George II. Volume 2 of 3
The True History of the State Prisoner, commonly called the Iron Mask: Extracted from Documents in the French Archives
Recollections of a Long Life
National Apostasy: Considered in a Sermon Preached in St. Mary's Church, Oxford Before His Majesty's Judges of Assize on Sunday July 14th 1833
Salmonia; Or, Days of Fly Fishing: In a series of conversations. With some account of the habits of fishes belonging to the genus Salmo
The Modern Athens: A dissection and demonstration of men and things in the Scotch Capital.
Hogarth's Works, with life and anecdotal descriptions of his pictures. Volume 3 (of 3)
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 2 (of 8)
The Life of Robert, Lord Clive, Vol. 2 (of 3): Collected from the Family Papers Communicated by the Earl of Powis
Obesity, or Excessive Corpulence: The Various Causes and the Rational Means of Cure
Hernando Cortes
History of the Conquest of Mexico; vol. 3/4
Rollo Learning to Read
Peter Parley's Wonders of the Earth, Sea, and Sky
Thirty Years From Home; or, a Voice From the Main Deck: Being the Experience of Samuel Leech
The history and poetry of finger-rings
The Essays of Douglas Jerrold
Illustrations of the Author of Waverley: Being Notices and Anecdotes of Real Characters, Scenes, and Incidents Supposed to Be Described in His Works
A Preliminary Dissertation on the Mechanisms of the Heavens
Ornithological biography, Vol. 3 (of 5) : $b An account of the habits of the birds of the United States of America
Popular lessons in astronomy, on a new plan : $b in which some of the leading principles of the science are illustrated by actual comparisions, independent of the use of numbers
The collected works of William Hazlitt, Vol. 11 (of 12)
Observations on the new constitution, and on the Federal and State conventions, by a Columbian patriot
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 6 (of 9)
A voyage round the world : $b Perfomed by order of His most Christian Majesty, in the years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769.
Letters from England, 1846-1849
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 09
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 17
The Two Wives; Or, Lost and Won
Sketches by Seymour — Volume 02
Theological Essays and Other Papers — Volume 1
Pelham — Volume 04
Memoirs of Aaron Burr, Complete
Bataille de dames
The Mission
The Journey to the Polar Sea
The Station; The Party Fight And Funeral; The Lough Derg Pilgrim: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
Peter Parley's Tales About America and Australia
A Bibliographical, Antiquarian and Picturesque Tour in France and Germany, Volume Three
The Two Admirals
Aunt Deborah
The Settlers at Home
Memoirs and Correspondence of Admiral Lord de Saumarez, Vol. I
A New Guide for Emigrants to the West
Alonzo and Melissa; Or, The Unfeeling Father: An American Tale
The Fountain of Maribo, and Other Ballads
Some Observations on the Ethnography and Archaeology of the American Aborigines
Old Roads and New Roads
Nuts and Nutcrackers
The Burning of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania
Forty Years in the Wilderness of Pills and Powders: Cogitations and Confessions of an Aged Physician
Remarks on some fossil impressions in the sandstone rocks of Connecticut River
A New Banking System: The Needful Capital for Rebuilding the Burnt District
William Shakespeare as He Lived: An Historical Tale
New Method of Horsemanship: Including the Breaking and Training of Horses, with Instructions for Obtaining a Good Seat.
The Seven Periods of English Architecture Defined and Illustrated
The Greville Memoirs, Part 3 (of 3), Volume 1 (of 2): A Journal of the Reign of Queen Victoria from 1852 to 1860
The History of the Crusades (vol. 3 of 3)
The Pillar of Fire; or, Israel in Bondage
Vagabond Life in Mexico
Life of John Knox, Fifth Edition, Vol. 1 of 2: Containing Illustrations of the History of the Reformation in Scotland
Brazil and the River Plate in 1868
The War of Women, Volume 2
Rude Stone Monuments in All Countries: Their Age and Uses
On Molecular and Microscopic Science, Volume 1 (of 2)
Tarry thou till I come; or, Salathiel, the wandering Jew.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John Stuart Mill
George Crabbe: Poems, Volume 3 (of 3)
Cherry & Violet: A Tale of the Great Plague
The Old Red Sandstone; or, New Walks in an Old Field
The Bibliomaniac
Forest Scenes in Norway and Sweden: Being Extracts from the Journal of a Fisherman
The man among the monkeys; or, Ninety days in apeland: To which are added: The philosopher and his monkeys, The professor and the crocodile, and other strange stories of men and animals
Glenarvon, Volume 1 (of 3)
A popular history of the United States of America, Vol. 1 (of 2) : $b from the discovery of the American continent to the present time
The Inquisition revealed : $b in its origin, policy, cruelties, and history, with memoirs of its victims in France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, England, India, and other countries
Pierre Grassou
The Writings of Samuel Adams - Volume 3
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 13
Murad the Unlucky, and Other Tales
Demetrius: A Play
Rob Roy — Volume 01
Passages from the French and Italian Notebooks, Volume 1.
Passages from the French and Italian Notebooks, Volume 2.
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 06
Tales and Novels — Volume 06
Calderon the Courtier, a Tale
Poems
Travels in Morocco, Volume 1.
Isaac T. Hopper: A True Life
Pictures of Sweden
Phil Purcel, The Pig-Driver; The Geography Of An Irish Oath; The Lianhan Shee: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
The Poor Scholar: Traits And Stories Of The Irish Peasantry, The Works of; William Carleton, Volume Three
A Cardinal Sin
The Dairyman's Daughter
A Narrative of Some of the Lord's Dealings with George Müller. Part 4
Rollo in Naples
Journal of a Residence at Bagdad: During the Years 1830 and 1831
Report of the Decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, and the Opinions of the Judges Thereof, in the Case of Dred Scott versus John F. A. Sandford: December Term, 1856.
Luxury--Gluttony: Two of the Seven Cardinal Sins
Great Mysteries and Little Plagues
Four Years in France: or, Narrative of an English Family's Residence there during that Period; Preceded by some Account of the Conversion of the Author to the Catholic Faith
Church History, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Seven Cardinal Sins: Envy and Indolence
A Walk and a Drive.
Pencillings by the Way: Written During Some Years of Residence and Travel in Europe
Abolition a Sedition, by a Northern Man
The Exiles of Florida: or, The crimes committed by our government against the Maroons, who fled from South Carolina and other slave states, seeking protection under Spanish laws.
Life of Thomas à Becket
Biographia Epistolaris, Volume 2: being The Biographical Supplement of Coleridge's Biographia Literaria
Slavery
Agnes Strickland's Queens of England, Vol. 2. (of 3): Abridged and Fully Illustrated
Remarks on the production of the precious metals: and on the demonetization of gold in several countries in Europe
Gabriele Rossetti: A Versified Autobiography
Three Days on the Ohio River
Lives of Famous London Beggars: With Forty Portraits of the Most Remarkable.
The Philosophy of Fine Art, volume 4 (of 4): Hegel's Aesthetik
Wise Saws and Modern Instances, Volume 1 (of 2)
Physiological Researches on Life and Death
On the Lady Chapel in Chester Cathedral
George Borrow's Second Tour in Wales
An Apology for the Colouring of the Greek Court in the Crystal Palace
Valperga Volume 3 (of 3): or, The life and adventures of Castruccio, prince of Lucca
Hans of Iceland, Vol. 1 of 2
A Detailed Account of the Battle of Austerlitz
Les liaisons dangereuses, volume 2 (of 2): or, Letters collected in a private society and published for the instruction of others
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 6
Fragments of voyages and travels, including anecdotes of a naval life : $b Chiefly for the use of young persons. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Memoirs of the Lady Hester Stanhope, as related by herself in conversations with her physician, vol. 2 (of 3)
The Illustrious Gaudissart
David Crockett: His Life and Adventures
Guy Mannering, Or, the Astrologer — Volume 02
The Rangers; or, The Tory's Daughter: A Tale Illustrative of the Revolutionary History of Vermont and the Northern Campaign of 1777
A Trip to Scarborough; and, The Critic
Memoir and Diary of John Yeardley, Minister of the Gospel
Rollo at Play; Or, Safe Amusements
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 14
Jacques Bonneval; Or, The Days of the Dragonnades
The Memories of Fifty Years: Containing Brief Biographical Notices of Distinguished Americans, and Anecdotes of Remarkable Men; Interspersed with Scenes and Incidents Occurring during a Long Life of Observation Chiefly Spent in the Southwest
Ten Years' Exile: Memoirs of That Interesting Period of the Life of the Baroness De Stael-Holstein, Written by Herself, during the Years 1810, 1811, 1812, and 1813, and Now First Published from the Original Manuscript, by Her Son.
Béarn and the Pyrenees : $b A legendary tour to the country of Henri Quatre
Modern Atheism under its forms of Pantheism, Materialism, Secularism, Development, and Natural Laws
Bertha and Her Baptism
Lavengro : $b The Scholar; The Gypsy; The Priest, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Journal of the Third Voyage for the Discovery of a North-West Passage
Richard I: Makers of History
A journal, of a young man of Massachusetts, late a surgeon on board an American privateer, who was captured at sea by the British in May, eighteen hundred and thirteen and was confined first, at Melville Island, Halifax, then at Chatham, in England, and last at Dartmoor prison : $b Interspersed with observations, anecdotes and remarks, tending to illustrate the moral and political characters of three nations. To which is added, a correct engraving of Dartmoor prison, representing the massacre of American prisoners.
The Greville Memoirs, Part 1 (of 3), Volume 3 (of 3): A Journal of the Reigns of King George IV and King William IV
An Address, Delivered Before the Was-ah Ho-de-no-son-ne or New Confederacy of the Iroquois: Also, Genundewah, a Poem
An Examination of President Edwards' Inquiry into the Freedom of the Will
The Lincoln Year Book: Axioms and Aphorisms from the Great Emancipator
Retrospect of Western Travel, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Americans as they are : $b Described in a tour through the valley of the Mississippi
Adventures of the Ojibbeway and Ioway Indians in England, France, and Belgium; Vol. 2 (of 2): being Notes of Eight Years' Travels and Residence in Europe with his North American Indian Collection
The Shakespeare-Expositor: An Aid to the Perfect Understanding of Shakespeare's Plays
Memorials of the Life of Amelia Opie: Selected and Arranged from her Letters, Diaries, and other Manuscripts
Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, Volume IV.
The Last Vendée; or, the She-Wolves of Machecoul
Unitarianism Defended: A Series of Lectures by Three Protestant Dissenting Ministers of Liverpool
The Diplomatists of Europe
Historical Record of the Fourteenth, or the King's, Regiment of Light Dragoons: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment and of Its Subsequent Services
The Life and Adventures of Rear-Admiral John Paul Jones, Commonly Called Paul Jones
Critical, Historical, and Miscellaneous Essays; Vol. 6: With a Memoir and Index
Textile Fabrics
Miss Leslie's Complete Cookery: Directions for Cookery, in Its Various Branches
History of Greece, Volume 11 (of 12)
Pictures by Gavarni
The Prose Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley, Vol. 2 [of 2]
Novum organon renovatum: Being the second part of the philosophy of the inductive sciences
Tough yarns, vol. 1 : $b A series of naval tales and sketches to please all hands, from the swabs on the shoulders down to the swabs in the head
Yankee Gypsies
Pierrette
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 6: 1862-1863
Ten Nights in a Bar Room
Speeches of the Hon. Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi; delivered during the summer of 1858.
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 15.: Second Series
Frank Mildmay; Or, The Naval Officer
Sermons on Various Important Subjects: Written Partly on Sundry of the More Difficult Passages in the Sacred Volume
A Narrative of some of the Lord's Dealings with George Müller. Part 3
Parochial and Plain Sermons, Vol. VII (of 8)
The Young Maiden
Faustus : $b his life, death, and doom
Tales from the German.  Volume I.
Avarice--Anger: Two of the Seven Cardinal Sins
The Martins Of Cro' Martin, Vol. II (of II)
Liverpool a few years since: by an old stager
History of the Reformation of the Sixteenth Century, Volume 3
Jack Sheppard: A Romance, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Jack Sheppard: A Romance, Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Eighteen Christian Centuries
Tara: A Mahratta Tale
The Philosophy of History, Vol. 2 of 2
American Scenery, Vol. 2 (of 2): or, Land, lake, and river illustrations of transatlantic nature
Constantinople and the Scenery of the Seven Churches of Asia Minor: Series One and Series Two in one Volume
The History of Chemistry, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Story of a Donkey: abridged from the French of Madame la comtesse de Ségur
What Does History Teach?: Two Edinburgh Lectures
Medical Jurisprudence as it Relates to Insanity, According to the Law of England
The Essentials of Good Skirmishing: To which are added a brief system of common light infantry drill
Adrienne Lecouvreur
Maria Theresa
Letters of an Architect, From France, Italy, and Greece. Volume 1 [of 2]
A Pictorial Atlas of Fossil Remains, consisting of coloured illustrations selected from Parkinson's "Organic remains of a former world," and Artis's "Antediluvian phytology."
Vortigern; an historical play
A brief and remarkable narrative of the life and extreme sufferings of Barnabas Downs, Jun. : $b Who was among the number of those who escaped death on board the privateer brig Arnold, James Magee, commander, which was cast away near Plymouth-Harbour, in a most terrible snow-storm, December 26, 1778, when more than sixty persons were frozen to death. Containing also a particular account of said shipwreck
Rachel Dyer : $b A North American story
Poems and translations
Little Britain
The Annals of the Parish: Or, the Chronicle of Dalmailing During the Ministry of the Rev. Micah Balwhidder
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 2: 1843-1858
Words for the Wise
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands — Volume 01
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 05: Poems of the Class of '29 (1851-1889)
Paul Clifford — Volume 04
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 22.: Second Series
The White Old Maid (From "Twice Told Tales")
More Seeds of Knowledge; Or, Another Peep at Charles
Report of Mr. W. E. Cormack's journey in search of the Red Indians in Newfoundland
The Life of James Renwick: A Historical Sketch Of His Life, Labours And Martyrdom And A; Vindication Of His Character And Testimony
The stranger in France : $b or, a tour from Devonshire to Paris illustrated by engravings in aqua tint of sketches taken on the spot.
Ernest Linwood; or, The Inner Life of the Author
Poor Jack
Rollo on the Rhine
The Ground-Ash
The Roman Traitor, Vol. 2
A Theodicy, or, Vindication of the Divine Glory
Ferdinand De Soto, The Discoverer of the Mississippi: American Pioneers and Patriots
The Banished: A Swabian Historical Tale
An Amicable Controversy with a Jewish Rabbi, on The Messiah's Coming: With an Entirely New Exposition of Zechariah, on the Messiah's Kingdom
The Iron Trevet; or, Jocelyn the Champion: A Tale of the Jacquerie
The Natural History of Cage Birds: Their Management, Habits, Food, Diseases, Treatment, Breeding, and the Methods of Catching Them.
Arabian Society in the Middle Ages: Studies From The Thousand and One Nights
Travels Through North America, During the Years 1825 and 1826. v. 1-2
George Whitefield: A Biography, with special reference to his labors in America
Noted Speeches of Abraham Lincoln, Including the Lincoln-Douglas Debate
Christmas Day
Sketch of the Sikhs: A Singular Nation Who Inhabit the Provinces of Penjab, Situated Between the Rivers Jumna and Indus
Notes on the New Testament, Explanatory and Practical: Revelation
An Account of the Late Improvements in Galvanism: With a Series of Curious and Interesting Experiments Performed Before the Commissioners of the French National Institute, and Repeated Lately in the Anatomical Theatres of London
The Works of Thomas Hood; Vol. 01 (of 11): Comic and Serious, in Prose and Verse, With All the Original Illustrations
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin. Vol. 2 (of 8)
Ten Days' Tour through the Isle of Anglesea, December, 1802
Historical Record of the Thirty-first, or, the Huntingdonshire Regiment of Foot;: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1702,  and of its subsequent services to 1850
The Demon Trapper of Umbagog: A Thrilling Tale of the Maine Forests
American slavery, and the means of its abolition
The anatomy of drunkenness
Historical difficulties and contested events
The luck of the bean-rows, a fairy tale
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 16
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 4: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
An Attic Philosopher in Paris — Complete
State of the Union Addresses of John Quincy Adams
Guy Mannering, Or, the Astrologer — Volume 01
The Earth as Modified by Human Action
Sidonia, the Sorceress : the Supposed Destroyer of the Whole Reigning Ducal House of Pomerania — Volume 2
Memoirs of Aaron Burr, Volume 1.
Jane Talbot
Life and Travels of Mungo Park
The Seven Vagabonds (From "Twice Told Tales")
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 3: Books for Children
Holland: The History of the Netherlands
A Visit to the United States in 1841
Phases of Faith; Or, Passages from the History of My Creed
The Star-Chamber: An Historical Romance, Volume 2
Ellen Duncan; And The Proctor's Daughter: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Autobiography of Friedrich Froebel $c translated and annotated by Emilie Michaelis ... and H. Keatley Moore.
Mark Hurdlestone; Or, The Two Brothers
The postal service of the United States in connection with the local history of Buffalo
Greetings from Longfellow
Fugitive Poetry
Priests, Women, and Families
Shelley at Oxford
A Short View of the Laws Now Subsisting with Respect to the Powers of the East India Company: To Borrow Money under their Seal, and to Incur Debts in the Course of their Trade, by the Purchase of Goods on Credit, and by Freighting Ships or other Mercantile Transactions
The Wanderer; or, Female Difficulties (Volume 4 of 5)
Considerations on Religion and Public Education: With remarks on the speech of M. Dupont delivered in the National Convention of France, together with an address to the ladies, &c. of Great Britain and Ireland
Captain Paul
Secresy; or, Ruin on the Rock
Tales of My Time, Vol. 1 (of 3): Who Is She?
A Noble Queen: A Romance of Indian History (Volume 1 of 3)
The Life of Sir Humphry Davy, Bart. LL.D., Volume 2 (of 2)
Boscobel; or, the royal oak: A tale of the year 1651
Letters from Spain
The Missionary: An Indian Tale; vol. I
American Scenery, Vol. 1 (of 2): or, Land, lake, and river illustrations of transatlantic nature
The Constable De Bourbon
The Vision of Dante: A story for little children and a talk to their mothers: (Second Edition)
Treatise on the Anatomy and Physiology of the Mucous Membranes: With Illustrative Pathological Observations
The Gold-Headed Cane
The Tower Menagerie : $b comprising the natural history of the animals contained in that establishment; with anecdotes of their characters and history.
Historical Record of the Twelfth, or the East Suffolk, Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1847
Cardinal Pole; Or, The Days of Philip and Mary: An Historical Romance
Memoirs of General Count Rapp, first aide-de-camp to Napoleon
An Appeal to the People in Behalf of Their Rights as Authorized Interpreters of the Bible
The Englishwoman in Egypt: Letters from Cairo, Written During a Residence There in 1842, 3, & 4
The Englishman's House: A Practical Guide for Selecting and Building a House
The Saxons in England, Volume 2 (of 2): A history of the English commonwealth till the period of the Norman conquest
The Complete Manual of Catholic Piety: Containing a Selection of Fervent Prayers, Pious Reflection, and Solid Instructions, Adapted to Every State of Life. To Which is Annexed a Supplement, Containing Excellent and Approved Devotions, With the Epistles and Gospels for All the Sundays and Festivals of the Year.
Lodore, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 4 (of 9)
Historical record of the Eighty-eighth Regiment of Foot, or Connaught Rangers : $b containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1793, and of its subsequent services to 1837.
The Message
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 12
Peter Plymley's Letters, and Selected Essays
Off-Hand Sketches, a Little Dashed with Humor
The Works of Frederick Schiller
Life in the Backwoods
Main Street: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 5: The Letters of Charles and Mary Lamb, 1796-1820
Theresa Marchmont, or, the Maid of Honour: A Tale
The History of England from the First Invasion by the Romans to the Accession of King George the Fifth. Volume 08 of 11.
The Village in the Mountains; Conversion of Peter Bayssière; and History of a Bible
Wau-Bun: The Early Day in the Northwest
Journal of a Voyage across the Atlantic: With Notes on Canada & the United States, and Return to Great Britain in 1844
The Power of Faith: Exemplified In The Life And Writings Of The Late Mrs. Isabella Graham.
American Lutheranism vindicated : $b or, Examination of the Lutheran symbols on certain disputed topics, including a reply to the plea of Rev. W. J. Mann
An essay on the influence of tobacco upon life and health
Memoirs of the Jacobites of 1715 and 1745. Volume II.
Letters of Edward FitzGerald to Fanny Kemble (1871-1883)
Incentives to the Study of the Ancient Period of American History: An address, delivered before the New York Historical; Society, at its forty-second anniversary, 17th November 1846
The Works of Edward Bulwer-Lytton: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Grecian Daughter
The Bramleighs of Bishop's Folly
Fraternal Charity
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 6
The Iron Arrow Head or The Buckler Maiden: A Tale of the Northman Invasion
Sir Brook Fossbrooke, Volume II.
A Review of Edwards's "Inquiry into the Freedom of the Will"
Narrative of the Operations of a Detachment in an Expedition to Candy, in the Island of Ceylon, in the Year 1804: With Some Observations on the Previous Campaign, and on the Nature of Candian Warfare, etc., etc., etc.
Items on the Priesthood, presented to the Latter-day Saints
Sheppard Lee, Written by Himself. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Twenty Years' Recollections of an Irish Police Magistrate
Miles Standish, the Puritan Captain
Gleanings from the Works of George Fox
Religion & Morality Vindicated, Against Hypocrisy and Pollution: Or, an Account of the Life and Character of John Church the Obelisk Preacher, Who Was Formerly a Frequenter of Vere-street, and Who Has Been Charged With Unnatural Practices in Various Places. To Which Is Annexed, a Fac-simile of a Letter, Written by Him to James Cook, Who Kept the Infamous House in Vere-street.
The Old Church Clock
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin, Vol. 7 (of 8)
The Heir of Mondolfo
The Wolfe of Badenoch: A Historical Romance of the Fourteenth Century
Modern literature: a novel, Volume 1 (of 3)
The danger of premature interment : $b Proved from many remarkable instances of people who have recovered after being laid out for dead, and of others entombed alive, for want of being properly examined prior to interment
Letters from the peninsula, 1808-1812
Domestic Annals of Scotland from the Reformation to the Revolution, Volume 1 (of 2)
Early Australian Voyages: Pelsart, Tasman, Dampier
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 3: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
On the Economy of Machinery and Manufactures
Home Lights and Shadows
Waverley; Or, 'Tis Sixty Years Since — Volume 2
St. Patrick's Day; Or, The Scheming Lieutenant: A Farce in One Act
Fiesco; or, the Genoese Conspiracy: A Tragedy
The Antiquary — Volume 01
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 09
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 14.: Second Series
Lyrical Ballads with Other Poems, 1800, Volume 2
Little Annie's Ramble (From "Twice Told Tales")
A Portraiture of Quakerism, Volume 2: Taken from a View of the Education and Discipline, Social Manners, Civil and Political Economy, Religious Principles and Character, of the Society of Friends
Catharine
Speed the plough : $b A comedy, in five acts; as performed at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden
Snow-Bound: A Winter Idyll
Town Versus Country
Rollo in Geneva
Heroes and Hunters of the West: Comprising Sketches and Adventures of Boone, Kenton, Brady, Logan, Whetzel, Fleehart, Hughes, Johnson, &c.
Little Downy: The History of a Field-Mouse
Percy: A Tragedy
Coelebs In Search of a Wife
Holiday House: A Series of Tales
Ormond; Or, The Secret Witness. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Count of Narbonne: A Tragedy, in Five Acts
The Wanderer; or, Female Difficulties (Volume 3 of 5)
The Oregon Territory, Its History and Discovery
The Pictorial Grammar
Taking the Bastile; Or, Pitou the Peasant: A Historical Story of the Great French Revolution
Miscellaneous Pieces, in Prose
The Father and Daughter: A Tale, in Prose
"Father Clark," or The Pioneer Preacher
Discoveries and Inventions: A lecture by Abraham Lincoln delivered in 1860
Waterloo Days: The narrative of an Englishwoman resident at Brussels in June 1815
The Tell-Tale: An Original Collection of Moral and Amusing Stories
Poems
Brief Account of the English Character
The Manoeuvring Mother (vol. 2 of 3)
A Journey Made in the Summer of 1794, through Holland and the Western Frontier of Germany, with a Return Down the Rhine, Vol. 1 (of 2): To Which Are Added Observations during a Tour to the Lakes of Lancashire, Westmoreland, and Cumberland
Medical Jurisprudence, Volume 1 (of 3)
Antonia
The Honey-Bee: Its Natural History, Physiology and Management
Greek primer, colloquial and constructive
A voyage to Senegal : $b or, Historical, philosophical, and political memoirs, relative to the discoveries, establishments and commerce of Europeans in the Atlantic Ocean, from Cape Blanco to the river of Sierra Leone
The unwelcome child : $b Or, The crime of an undesigned and undesired maternity
Proceedings of the expedition to explore the northern coast of Africa, from Tripoly eastward : $b in MDCCCXXI. and MDCCCXXII., comprehending an account of the Greater Syrtis and Cyrenaica; and of the ancient cities composing the pentapolis
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 20
Extracts from the Diary of William Bray
Miscellaneous Writings and Speeches — Volume 1
The Wandering Jew — Volume 06
Gebir, and Count Julian
Conscience
State of the Union Addresses
Memorials and Other Papers — Complete
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 17.: Second Series
Passages from the American Notebooks, Volume 2.
A Series of Letters, in Defence of Divine Revelation: In Reply to Rev. Abner Kneeland's Serious Inquiry into the Authenticity of the Same. To Which is Added, a Religious Correspondence, Between the Rev. Hosea Ballou, and the Rev. Dr. Joseph Buckminster and Rev. Joseph Walton, Pastors of Congregational Churches in Portsmouth, N. H.
The Works of Charles and Mary Lamb — Volume 4: Poems and Plays
Washington in Domestic Life. From Original Letters and Manuscripts
Eighteen Hundred and Eleven
Lincoln's Inaugurals, Addresses and Letters (Selections)
Maxims and Opinions of Field-Marshal His Grace the Duke of Wellington, Selected From His Writings and Speeches During a Public Life of More Than Half a Century
Lha Dhu; Or, The Dark Day: The Works of William Carleton, Volume Two
Analytical Studies
The Wits and Beaux of Society. Volume 1
The Campaigns of the British Army at Washington and New Orleans 1814-1815
Theory of circulation by respiration : $b synopsis of its principles and history
Warwick Woodlands: Things as they Were There Twenty Years Ago
Mary Powell & Deborah's Diary
The book of one syllable
History, Manners, and Customs of the North American Indians
The mermaid's prophecy, and other songs relating to Queen Dagmar
The Vote That Made the President
A Wife's Duty: A Tale
Mirror of the Months
Journal of Dr. Elias Cornelius, a Revolutionary Surgeon
Life of Mary Queen of Scots, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Wanderer; or, Female Difficulties (Volume 5 of 5)
The Isle of Palms, and Other Poems
Ex-President John Quincy Adams in Pittsburgh in 1843: Address of Welcome, by Wilson McCandless, and Mr. Adams' Reply; together with a letter from Mr. Adams Relative to Judge Brackenridge's "Modern Chivalry."
Church Reform: The Only Means to That End, Stated in a Letter to Sir Robert Peel, Bart., First Lord of the Treasury
The Doubts of Infidels: Or, Queries Relative to Scriptural Inconsistencies & Contradictions
Adventures in the Moon, and Other Worlds
Excursions in the mountains of Ronda and Granada, with characteristic sketches of the inhabitants of southern Spain, vol. 2/2
Single Life: A Comedy, in Three Acts
Chapter of Autobiography
Travels in Kamtschatka, During the Years 1787 and 1788, Volume 1
Leila at Home: a continuation of Leila in England
A Relic of the Revolution
Anecdotes of the Learned Pig: With Notes, Critical and Explanatory, and Illustrations from Bozzy, Piozzi &c. &c.
On the various forces of nature and their relations to each other
The Duty of American Women to Their Country
A Woman's Philosophy of Woman; or, Woman affranchised.: An answer to Michelet, Proudhon, Girardin, Legouvé, Comte, and other modern innovators
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 5 (of 8)
The Victories of Wellington and the British Armies
Autobiography of Miss Cornelia Knight, lady companion to the Princess Charlotte of Wales, Volume 1 (of 2): with extracts from her journals and anecdote books
A History of Roman Classical Literature.
History of Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Mediæval Military Architecture in England, Volume 1 (of 2)
Commentaries on the Surgery of the War in Portugal, Spain, France, and the Netherlands: from the battle of Roliça, in 1808, to that of Waterloo, in 1815; with additions relating to those in the Crimea in 1854-55, showing the improvements made during and since that period in the great art and science of surgery on all the subjects to which they relate.
History of the Cape Mounted Riflemen: With a Brief Account of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope
John Greenleaf Whittier: A sketch of his life, with selected poems
The doctor, &c., vol. 1 (of 7)
Deck and port: $b or, incidents of a cruise in the United States frigate Congress to California. With sketches of Rio Janeiro, Valparaiso, Lima, Honolulu, and San Francisco
A history of England principally in the seventeenth century, Volume 2 (of 6)
John Williams : $b or The sailor boy
The narrative of a journey undertaken in the years 1819, 1820 and 1821 through France, Italy, Savoy, Switzerland, parts of Germany bordering on the Rhine, Holland and the Netherlands : $b comprising incidents that occurred to the author, who has long suffered under a total deprivation of sight; with various points of information collected on his tour
Memoirs of the life of David Rittenhouse, LLD. F.R.S., late president of the American Philosophical Society, &c. : $b interspersed with various notices of many distinguished men : with an appendix, containing sundry philosophical and other papers, most of which have not hitherto been published
The Hand but Not the Heart; Or, The Life-Trials of Jessie Loring
The Dolliver Romance
The Last Tournament
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 04
Poems in Two Volumes, Volume 2
Zenobia; or, the Fall of Palmyra
A Virtuoso's Collection (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Home as Found: Sequel to "Homeward Bound"
De Quincey's Revolt of the Tartars
Twenty-Four Short Sermons On The Doctrine Of Universal Salvation
A Narrative of some of the Lord's Dealings with George Müller. Part 2
The Crofton Boys
Memoirs of the Court of George IV. 1820-1830 (Vol 1): From the Original Family Documents
Impressions of America During the Years 1833, 1834 and 1835. Volume 2 (of 2)
A Treatise on the Art of Dancing
Forests of Maine: Marco Paul's Adventures in Pursuit of Knowledge
An Essay on Slavery and Abolitionism: With reference to the duty of American females
My First Battle: A Sergeant's Story
Ormond; Or, The Secret Witness. Volume 3 (of 3)
The Childhood of King Erik Menved: An Historical Romance
Gleanings by the Way
Lectures on the Philosophy and Practice of Slavery: As Exhibited in the Institution of Domestic Slavery in the United States, with the Duties of Masters to Slaves
Studies on Slavery, in Easy Lessons
An Essay on Papal Infallibility
Historical record of the Seventh Regiment, or the Royal Fusiliers: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1846.
Popular Superstitions, and the Truths Contained Therein: With an Account of Mesmerism
A Legacy of Fun
The Initials: A Story of Modern Life
Thirty Letters on Various Subjects, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Letters from England, Volume 3 (of 3)
Memoirs of Doctor Burney (Vol. 3 of 3): Arranged from his own manuscripts, from family papers, and from personal recollections by his daughter, Madame d'Arblay
A letter to a country clergyman, occasioned by his address to Lord Teignmouth
The Measure of Value Stated and Illustrated: With an Application of it to the Alterations in the Value of the English Currency since 1790
Ecclesiastical History of England, Volume 2—The Church of the Commonwealth
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 2
Travels in Western Africa in 1845 & 1846, Volume 1 (of 2): comprising a journey from Whydah through the Kingdom of Dahomey to Adofoodia in the interior
Journal of a cruise of the United States schooner Dolphin, among the islands of the Pacific Ocean; and a visit to the Mulgrave Islands, in pursuit of the mutineers of the whaleship Globe
The Recruit
Maitre Cornelius
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 04
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 1: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
Who Spoke Next
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 2
History of King Charles the Second of England
String Quartet No. 13 in B flat major Opus 130
Pelham — Volume 02
The Attaché; or, Sam Slick in England — Volume 01
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 18.: Second Series
Imogen: A Pastoral Romance
Footprints on the Sea-Shore (From "Twice Told Tales")
The First White Man of the West: Life and Exploits of Col. Dan'l. Boone, the First Settler of Kentucky;; Interspersed with Incidents in the Early Annals of the Country.
Three Voyages for the Discovery of a Northwest Passage from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and Narrative of an Attempt to Reach the North Pole, Volume 2
Stories for the Young; Or, Cheap Repository Tracts: Entertaining, Moral, and Religious. Vol. VI.
The Monctons: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Romany Rye: a sequel to "Lavengro"
The Widow's Dog
Japhet in Search of a Father
Memorial Address on the Life and Character of Abraham Lincoln: Delivered at the request of both Houses of Congress of America
Narrative of a Journey to the Summit of Mont Blanc
Wild Oats; or, The Strolling Gentlemen
The Milkmaid of Montfermeil (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XX)
Memoirs of the Duchesse de Dino (Afterwards Duchesse de Talleyrand et de Sagan), 1836-1840
Historical Characters: Mackintosh, Talleyrand, Canning, Cobbett, Peel
The Field Book: or, Sports and pastimes of the United Kingdom: compiled from the best authorities, ancient and modern
The Story of Justin Martyr, and Other Poems
Physical Amusements and Diverting Experiments: Composed and Performed in Different Capitals of Europe, and in London
Soldiers and Sailors: or, Anecdotes, Details, and Recollections of Naval and Military Life, as Related to His Nephews, by an Old Officer.
The French in Algiers: The Soldier of the Foreign Legion; and The Prisoners of Abd-el-Kader
Foreign Butterflies
Legendary Tales of the Highlands (Volume 2 of 3): A sequel to Highland Rambles
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin. Vol. 1 (of 8)
Letters from England, Volume 2 (of 3)
A Popular History of England, From the Earliest Times to the Reign of Queen Victoria; Vol. IV
The Countess of Rudolstadt: A Sequel to "Consuelo"
Treatise on landscape painting in water-colours by David Cox
The rise, progress, and phases of human slavery: How it came into the world and how it shall be made to go out
Joseph and His Brethren
Autumnal leaves: tales and sketches in prose and rhyme
Memorials of Human Superstition: being a paraphrase and commentary on the Historia Flagellantium of the Abbé Boileau, Doctor of the Sorbonne
The pillars of Hercules : $b or, A narrative of travels in Spain and Morocco in 1848; vol. 2
Lives of the Queens of England of the House of Hanover, volume 2 (of 2)
The Boy Captives: An Incident of the Indian War of 1695
An Essay on the Trial By Jury
Droll Stories — Volume 1
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 04
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Appendix
Note on the Resemblances and Differences in the Structure and the Development of the Brain in Man and Apes
The Two Captains
Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia — Volume I
An Inquiry into the Nature and Progress of Rent, and the Principles by Which It is Regulated
The Village and The Newspaper
The Diary and Letters of Madame D'Arblay — Volume 3
Pelham — Volume 03
Tomlinsoniana
The Ancestral Footstep (fragment): Outlines of an English Romance
Wolfert's Roost, and Miscellanies
The Poetical Works of Beattie, Blair, and Falconer: With Lives, Critical Dissertations, and Explanatory Notes
Sketches from Memory: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
An Appeal to the Christian Women of the South
Account of the Romansh Language: In a Letter to Sir John Pringle, Bart. P. R. S.
Marco Paul's Voyages and Travels; Vermont
Narrative of Services in the Liberation of Chili, Peru and Brazil,: from Spanish and Portuguese Domination, Volume 1
The Billow and the Rock
Feats on the Fiord: The third book in "The Playfellow"
Turandot: The Chinese Sphinx
The Voyage of The First Hessian Army from Portsmouth to New York, 1776
Stuyvesant: A Franconia Story
The Tale of Brynild, and King Valdemar and His Sister: Two Ballads
The Illustrated Works of Friedrich Schiller: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Battle of Bunkers-Hill
Hair Breadth Escapes: Perilous incidents in the lives of sailors and travelers in Japan, Cuba, East Indies, etc., etc.
Pedagogics as a System
Diary And Notes Of Horace Templeton, Esq. Volume I (of II)
Tony Butler
The Wanderer; or, Female Difficulties (Volume 2 of 5)
City Scenes; or, a peep into London
Doctrine of the Will
Next Door Neighbours: A Comedy; In Three Acts
Anne of Geierstein; Or, The Maiden of the Mist. Volume 2 (of 2)
Account of the Skeleton of the Mammoth: A non-descript carnivorous animal of immense size, found in America
A Duel in the Dark: An Original Farce, in One Act
The Cornplanter Memorial: An Historical Sketch of Gy-ant-wa-chia—The Cornplanter, and of the Six Nations of Indians.
Life of Joseph Brant—Thayendanegea (Vol. II): Including the Border Wars of the American Revolution and Sketches of the Indian Campaigns of Generals Harmar, St. Clair, and Wayne; And Other Matters Connected with the Indian Relations of the United States and Great Britain, from the Peace of 1783 to the Indian Peace of 1795
The Æsculapian Labyrinth Explored; Or, Medical Mystery Illustrated
Mysteries of Washington City, during Several Months of the Session of the 28th Congress
Memoirs of the Late War, Vol 1 (of 2): Comprising the Personal Narrative of Captain Cooke, of the 43rd Regiment Light Infantry; the History of the Campaign of 1809 in Portugal, by the Earl of Munster; and a Narrative of the Campaign of 1814 in Holland, by Lieut. T. W. D. Moodie, H. P. 21st Fusileers
Essay on the Classification of the Insane
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 3 (of 6)
Letters from England, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Story of a Siberian Exile; Followed by a Narrative of Recent Events in Poland
Travels in Western Africa in 1845 & 1846, Volume 2 (of 2): comprising a journey from Whydah through the Kingdom of Dahomey to Adofoodia in the interior
Feudal tyrants; or, The Counts of Carlsheim and Sargans, volume 1 (of 4)
A voice from Waterloo: A history of the battle fought on the 18th June, 1815
Aesthetical and philosophical essays : $b introducing the dissertation on the "connection between the animal and spiritual man"
Five years of youth : $b or, sense and sentiment
Cleopatra's needle : $b with brief notes on Egypt and Egyptian obelisks
Memoirs of the Lady Hester Stanhope, as related by herself in conversations with her physician, vol. 3 (of 3)
The Life of General Francis Marion
The Jubilee of the Constitution: Delivered at New York, April 30, 1839, Before the New York Historical Society
The Writings of Samuel Adams - Volume 4
The Wandering Jew — Volume 07
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 09
Piccolissima
Aunt Judy's Tales
Theological Essays and Other Papers — Volume 2
The Poems of Schiller — First period
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 11.: Second Series
Pamela Giraud: A Play in Five Acts
John Inglefield's Thanksgiving: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
Secret Societies: A Discussion of Their Character and Claims
The lost hunter: A tale of early times
Reason and Faith; Their Claims and Conflicts: From The Edinburgh Review, October 1849, Volume 90, No. CLXXXII. (Pages 293-356)
The Rivals of Acadia: An Old Story of the New World
The King's Own
Travels and Adventures of Monsieur Violet
Jesse Cliffe
Cases of Organic Diseases of the Heart
Practical Education, Volume II
Stories and Tales of the Irish: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Davenport Dunn, a Man of Our Day. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Speeches (In Full) of the Rt. Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., and William O'Brien, M.P., on Home Rule, Delivered in Parliament, Feb. 16 and 17, 1888.
Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures
The Young Housekeeper's Friend: Revised and Enlarged
Illustrations of Exotic Entomology, Volume 2
Curiosities of Science, Past and Present: A Book for Old and Young
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 6 (of 8)
Civilization of the Indian Natives: or, a Brief View of the Friendly Conduct of William Penn Towards Them in the Early Settlement of Pennsylvania
General Anatomy, Applied to Physiology and Medicine, Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Flower of the Flock, Volume 2 (of 3)
Historical record of the Seventeenth Regiment of Light Dragoons;—Lancers: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1759 and of its subsequent services to 1841.
The Pentateuch, in Its Progressive Revelations of God to Men
Christopher Columbus
Medical Jurisprudence, Volume 3 (of 3)
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of France, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Treatise on Poisons: In relation to medical jurisprudence, physiology, and the practice of physic
The Book Collector
Historical Record of the Seventieth, or, the Surrey Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1758, and of its  subsequent services to 1848
Farnham's Travels in the Great Western Prairies, etc., part 2, October 21-December 4, 1839: and De Smet's Oregon Missions and Travels over the Rocky Mountains, 1845-1846
Birds and their nests
Aristocracy in America. From the sketch-book of a German nobleman. vol. 1 (of 2)
The barber's chair; and, The hedgehog letters
The history of the condition of women, in various ages and nations (vol. 2 of 2) : $b Comprising the women of Europe, America, and South Sea Islands
Wrecked on the Feejees
The stereoscope : $b its history, theory, and construction, with its application to the fine and useful arts and to education
The sexagenarian; or, the recollections of a literary life (Volume 2 of 2)
The Ayrshire Legatees; Or, The Pringle Family
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 07
Miscellaneous Writings and Speeches — Volume 3
Droll Stories — Volume 2
Home Scenes and Home Influence; a series of tales and sketches
State of the Union Addresses
State of the Union Addresses
Charles Lamb: A Memoir
Passages from the English Notebooks, Complete
Mabel Martin, a Harvest Idyl; and other poems: Part 4 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Wyandotté; Or, The Hutted Knoll: A Tale
The Black Baronet; or, The Chronicles Of Ballytrain: The Works of William Carleton, Volume One
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
Kalli, the Esquimaux Christian: A Memoir
The Substance of a Journal During a Residence at the Red River Colony, British North America: and Frequent Excursions Among the North-West American; Indians, In the Years 1820, 1821, 1822, 1823.
Ups and Downs in the Life of a Distressed Gentleman
Thoughts on Missions
Cheap Postage
Americanism Contrasted with Foreignism, Romanism, and Bogus Democracy in the Light of Reason, History, and Scripture;: In which Certain Demagogues in Tennessee, and Elsewhere,; are Shown Up in Their True Colors
Young Swaigder; or, The Force of Runes, and Other Ballads
The Prison Chaplaincy, And Its Experiences
The Dramatist; Or, Stop Him Who Can! A Comedy, in Five Acts
Narrative of Mr. John Dodge during his Captivity at Detroit
Barrington. Volume 2 (of 2)
Diary of Ezra Green, M.D. from November 1, 1777, to September 27, 1778
Frédérique, vol. 1
Life of Thomas Paine: Written Purposely to Bind with His Writings
Journal of a Horticultural Tour through Germany, Belgium, and part of France, in the Autumn of 1835: To which is added, a Catalogue of the different Species of Cacteæ in the Gardens at Woburn Abbey.
A Noble Queen: A Romance of Indian History (Volume 3 of 3)
The Pastor's Fire-side Vol. 4 (of 4)
The Islets of the Channel
Historical Record of the Fourteenth, or, the Buckinghamshire Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1845
The Sagamore of Saco
The Memoirs of Maria Stella (Lady Newborough)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Frédéric Bastiat
The last travels of Ida Pfeiffer: inclusive of a visit to Madagascar, with a biographical memoir of the author
Memoir of Roger Williams, the Founder of the State of Rhode-Island
Ascanio
Comparative geography
Travellers' Stories
What the Animals Do and Say
Louis Agassiz: His Life and Correspondence
Lost in the Backwoods: A Tale of the Canadian Forest
Vautrin: A Drama in Five Acts
Old Mortality, Volume 1.
The Resources of Quinola: A Comedy in a Prologue and Five Acts
Fritiofs Saga
Little Daffydowndilly: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
Biographical Memorials of James Oglethorpe: Founder of the Colony of Georgia, in North America.
The Butterfly's Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast
The Lost Dahlia
Honor O'Callaghan
Olla Podrida
Lincoln at Cooper Union
An Old Sailor's Yarns
The Serpent Knight, and Other Ballads
Olla Podrida
Algic Researches, Comprising Inquiries Respecting the Mental Characteristics of the North American Indians, First Series. Indian Tales and Legends, Vol. 2 of 2
Voyages from Montreal Through the Continent of North America to the Frozen and Pacific Oceans in 1789 and 1793. Vol. II
The Kentuckian in New-York; or, The Adventures of Three Southerns. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Journal of Countess Françoise Krasinska, Great Grandmother of Victor Emmanuel
The History of Margaret Catchpole, a Suffolk Girl
The Three Perils of Man; or, War, Women, and Witchcraft, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Life of Sir Humphry Davy, Bart. LL.D., Volume 1 (of 2)
The Age of Stonehenge
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 4 (of 8)
The History of the Lives and Bloody Exploits of the Most Noted Pirates; Their Trials and Executions: Including a Correct Account of the Late Piracies Committed in the West-Indies, and the Expedition of Commodore Porter; also, Those Committed on the Brig Mexican, Who Were Tried and Executed at Boston, in 1835
The Memoirs of François René Vicomte de Chateaubriand sometime Ambassador to England. volume 5 (of 6): Mémoires d'outre-tombe volume 5
The Millennium, and Other Poems: To Which is Annexed, a Treatise on the Regeneration and Eternal Duration of Matter
Manual of Parliamentary Practice: Rules of Proceeding and Debate in Deliberative Assemblies
An Attempt to Analyse the Automaton Chess Player of Mr. De Kempelen: To Which is Added, a Copious Collection of the Knight's Moves over the Chess Board
Milton
The Power of Conscience, exemplified in the genuine and extraordinary confession of Thomas Bedworth: delivered to one of the principal officers of Newgate, the night before his execution on September 18, 1815, for the murder of Elizabeth Beesmore in Drury lane. Relating his horrible sufferings until compelled to surrender to public justice by the constant supernatural visitations of the murdered woman, and the frequent appearance of her apparition. From the original paper now in the possession of the publisher. Including interesting particulars of Bedworth's former life, his behaviour before execution, and an original and full report of the Common Serjeant's address on passing sentence.
The Baronial Halls, and Ancient Picturesque Edifices of England; Vol. 1 of 2
The Foot-prints of the Creator : $b or, The Asterolepis of Stromness
Essay on Burns
A select glossary of English words used formerly in senses different from their present
Physician and patient : $b or, a practical view of the mutual duties, relations and interests of the medical profession and the community
The life of Rev. Henry Martyn : $b Written for the American Sunday School Union, with some account of Abdool Messeeh, a Hindoo convert
Elijah Cobb : $b 1768-1848 a Cape Cod skipper
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 06
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 19
Two Festivals
After a shadow, and other stories
Lady Mary and Her Nurse; Or, A Peep into the Canadian Forest
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 11
The Parisians — Volume 08
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 01
P.'s Correspondence (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Religious Poems, Part 2.: Part 6 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Philothea: A Grecian Romance
Poems
The National Preacher, Vol. 2 No. 7 Dec. 1827: Or Original Monthly Sermons from Living Ministers, Sermons XXVI. and; XXVII.
A General History and Collection of Voyages and Travels — Volume 12: Arranged in Systematic Order: Forming a Complete History of the; Origin and Progress of Navigation, Discovery, and Commerce, by Sea; and Land, from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
The Seventh Day Sabbath, a Perpetual Sign, from the Beginning to the Entering into the Gates of the Holy City, According to the Commandment
The Book of Sports:: Containing Out-door Sports, Amusements and Recreations, Including Gymnastics, Gardening & Carpentering
A Letter from Major Robert Carmichael-Smyth to His Friend, the Author of 'The Clockmaker'
Rollo's Museum
The Gettysburg Address
Letters to his wife Mary Borrow
The Pictures; The Betrothing: Novels
The Essential Faith of the Universal Church; Deduced from the Sacred Records
The Fatal Falsehood: A Tragedy. In Five Acts
Observations on Insanity: With Practical Remarks on the Disease and an Account of the Morbid Appearances on Dissection
An Historical View of the Philippine Islands, Vol 2 (of 2): Exhibiting their discovery, population, language, government, manners, customs, productions and commerce.
Mary Seaham: A Novel. Volume 2 of 3
The Connexion Between Taste and Morals: Two lectures
A Rough Diamond: A Comic Drama in One Act
Travels in Southern Europe and the Levant, 1810-1817: The Journal of C. R. Cockerell, R.A.
Sarah Winnemucca's Practical Solution of the Indian Problem: A Letter to Dr. Lyman Abbot of the "Christian Union"
Autobiography of Miss Cornelia Knight, lady companion to the Princess Charlotte of Wales, Volume 2 (of 2): with extracts from her journals and anecdote books
A Treatise on Fever
A Letter to the Right Honourable the Earl of Derby: on the cruelty and injustice of opening the Crystal Palace on the Sabbath
Ecclesiastical History of England, Volume 1—The Church of the Civil Wars
Trial of Pedro de Zulueta, jun., on a Charge of Slave Trading, under 5 Geo. IV, cap. 113, on Friday the 27th, Saturday the 28th, and Monday the 30th of October, 1843, at the Central Criminal Court, Old Bailey, London: A Full Report from the Short-hand Notes of W. B. Gurney, Esq.
The Christian serving his own generation: A sermon occasioned by the lamented death of Joseph John Gurney, Esq.
Historical record of the Twenty-second, or the Cheshire Regiment of Foot: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1689, and of its subsequent services to 1849
Narrative of an Expedition Through the Upper Mississippi to Itasca Lake, the Actual Source of This River: Embracing an Exploratory Trip Through the St. Croix and Burntwood (or Broule) Rivers
Owen's Moral Physiology; or, A Brief and Plain Treatise on the Population Question
The Hawks of Hawk-Hollow: A Tradition of Pennsylavania
Anecdotes of Painters, Engravers, Sculptors and Architects, and Curiosities of Art  (Vol. 1 of 3)
In and About Drury Lane, and Other Papers Vol. 1 (of 2): Reprinted from the pages of the 'Temple Bar' Magazine
A History of Epidemic Pestilences: From the Earliest Ages, 1495 Years Before the Birth of our Saviour to 1848: With Researches into Their Nature, Causes, and Prophylaxis
Ecclesiastical History of England, Volume 4—The Church of the Restoration [part 2]
Africa and the American Flag
Our Village in War-time
Cousin Lucy at Study: By the Author of the Rollo Books
Cousin Lucy at Play: By the Author of the Rollo Books
Female affection
The history of the proceedings in the case of Margaret, commonly called Peg, only lawful sister to John Bull, Esq.
The spoil'd child: A farce, in two acts, as performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane
Les beaux messieurs de Bois-Doré Vol. 1 (of 2)
Account of an expedition to the interior of New Holland
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 2 (of 9)
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 3 (of 9)
Niebuhr's lectures on Roman history, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Spirit of Chambers's Journal : $b Original tales, essays, and sketches, selected from that work
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 01
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of Dumas' Celebrated Crimes
Danger; Or, Wounded in the House of a Friend
Tales
The Thirty Years War — Volume 03
Zicci: A Tale — Complete
The Threefold Destiny (From "Twice Told Tales")
Thoughts on the Necessity of Improving the Condition of the Slaves in the British Colonies: With a View to Their Ultimate Emancipation; and on the Practicability, the Safety, and the Advantages of the Latter Measure.
The Prose Marmion: A Tale of the Scottish Border
Woman: Man's Equal
Three Voyages for the Discovery of a Northwest Passage from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and Narrative of an Attempt to Reach the North Pole, Volume 1
Nick of the Woods; Or, Adventures of Prairie Life
Speech of Mr. Cushing, of Massachusetts, on the Right of Petition,: as Connected with Petitions for the Abolition of Slavery and the Slave Trade; in the District of Columbia. In The House Of Representatives, January 25, 1836.
The Life of Hugo Grotius: With Brief Minutes of the Civil, Ecclesiastical, and Literary History of the Netherlands
Essays in Natural History and Agriculture
Autobiography and Letters of Orville Dewey, D.D.: Edited by His Daughter
The loyalists : $b an historical novel, Vol. 1-3
The Poacher; Or, Joseph Rushbrook
A Sermon Preached on the Anniversary of the Boston Female Asylum for Destitute Orphans, September 25, 1835
The Minstrel; or the Progress of Genius: with some other poems
Adventures in the Rifle Brigade, in the Peninsula, France, and the Netherlands: from 1809 to 1815
Brief Reflections relative to the Emigrant French Clergy
Stories for Helen
History of the War Between Mexico and the United States, with a Preliminary View of its Origin, Volume 1
Tales of the Trains: Being Some Chapters of Railroad Romance by Tilbury Tramp, Queen's Messenger
Tales from Spenser, Chosen from the Faerie Queene
The Widow Barnaby. Vol. 1 (of 3)
King Eric and the Outlaws, Vol. 2: or, the Throne, the Church, and the People in the Thirteenth Century.
Quodlibet: containing some annals thereof ...
Excursions in the mountains of Ronda and Granada, with characteristic sketches of the inhabitants of southern Spain, vol. 1/2
A Memorial of Mrs. Margaret Breckinridge
Dr. Stearns's Tour from London to Paris
Illustrations of Exotic Entomology, Volume 3
Christmas Stories: "Jest 'Fore Christmas" and "The Night Before Christmas"
Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age, Vol. 2 of 3: Olympus; or, the Religion of the Homeric Age
The Forlorn Hope: A Tale of Old Chelsea
The Life and Reign of Edward I.
Indian Biography; Vol. 2 (of 2): Or, An Historical Account of Those Individuals Who Have Been Distinguished among the North American Natives as Orators, Warriors, Statesmen, and Other Remarkable Characters
The War in Syria, Volume 2 (of 2)
General Anatomy, Applied to Physiology and Medicine, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Bertha's Visit to Her Uncle in England; vol. 1 [of 3]
Inducements to the Colored People of the United States to Emigrate to British Guiana
Pilgrimages to the Spas in Pursuit of Health and Recreation: With an inquiry into the comparative merits of different mineral waters: the maladies to which they are applicable, and those in which they are injurious
The Philosophy of Health; Volume 1 (of 2): or, an exposition of the physical and mental constitution of man
The Philosophy of Health; Volume 2 (of 2): or, an exposition of the physical and mental constitution of man
Nat the Navigator. A Life of Nathaniel Bowditch. For Young Persons
Memoirs of Doctor Burney (Vol. 1 of 3): Arranged from his own manuscripts, from family papers, and from personal recollections by his daughter, Madame d'Arblay
On the Architectural History of Chester Cathedral
Medical Jurisprudence, Volume 2 (of 3)
Lodore, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Bagpipers
Gaudissart II
True Stories about Dogs and Cats
Wacousta : a tale of the Pontiac conspiracy (Complete)
The Poems of Schiller — Suppressed poems
Pelham — Volume 05
The Parisians — Volume 05
Pausanias, the Spartan; The Haunted and the Haunters: An Unfinished Historical Romance
Palestine, or, the Holy Land: From the Earliest Period to the Present Time
Other Tales and Sketches: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
Parochial and Plain Sermons, Vol. VIII (of 8)
Rollo's Philosophy. [Air]
Pyrrhus: Makers of History
Letters to his mother, Ann Borrow, and other correspondents
The Scarlet Stigma: A Drama in Four Acts
The Negro: What is His Ethnological Status? 2nd Ed.
Diary And Notes Of Horace Templeton, Esq. Volume II (of II)
The Branding Needle; or, The Monastery of Charolles: A Tale of the First Communal Charter
A Letter to Grover Cleveland: On His False Inaugural Address, The Usurpations and Crimes of Lawmakers and Judges, and the Consequent Poverty, Ignorance, and Servitude Of The People
Letters of Major Jack Downing, of the Downingville Militia
The Blind Beggar of Jericho
Christ in the Storm: No. 26
A Woman's Love
Synopsis of Jewish History: From the Return of the Jews from the Babylonish Captivity, to the Days of Herod the Great
Letters of Felix Mendelssohn to Ignaz and Charlotte Moscheles
Observations on an Anonymous Pamphlet, Which Has Been Distributed in Lowestoft, and Its Neighbourhood, Entitled Reasons Why a Churchman May with Great Justice Refuse to Subscribe to the British and Foreign Bible Society
Historical Record of the Twenty-first Regiment, or the Royal North British Fusiliers: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1678, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1849
The life and times of George Villiers, duke of Buckingham, Volume 3 (of 3): From original and authentic sources
The Naturalist's Repository, Volume 1 (of 5): or Monthly Miscellany of Exotic Natural History: etc. etc.
Woman's Profession as Mother and Educator, with Views in Opposition to Woman Suffrage
A history of the Irish poor law, in connexion with the condition of the people
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of William Harrison Ainsworth
Highland Legends
Our Sabbaths in Danger: A Sermon, deprecating the contemplated opening of the Crystal Palace on the Lord's-Day
Great Christians of France: Saint Louis and Calvin
Description of the Process of Manufacturing Coal Gas, for the Lighting of Streets Houses, and Public Buildings: With Elevations, Sections, and Plans of the Most Improved Sorts of Apparatus Now Employed at the Gas Works in London and the Principal Provincial Towns of Great Britain; Accompanied With Comparative Estimates, Exhibiting the Most Economical Mode of Procuring This Species of Light
Memoir of the early campaigns of the Duke of Wellington, in Portugal and Spain,: By an officer employed in his army
Ecclesiastical History of England, Volume 3—The Church of the Restoration [part 1]
Historical Record of the Sixty-first, or the South Gloucestershire Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1758, and of its subsequent services to 1844.
A visit from St. Nicholas
The mother's book
The doctor, &c., vol. 2 (of 7)
The pronunciation of Greek; accent and quantity. A philological inquiry
Travels of Lady Hester Stanhope, Volume 1 (of 3)
Anecdotes of the late Samuel Johnson, LL.D.: During the Last Twenty Years of His Life
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 10
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 5: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
Observations on the Effects of the Corn Laws, and of a Rise or Fall in the Price of Corn on the Agriculture and General Wealth of the Country
The Grounds of an Opinion on the Policy of Restricting the Importation of Foreign Corn: Intended as an appendix to "Observations on the corn laws"
Waverley; Or 'Tis Sixty Years Since — Complete
Old Mortality, Volume 2.
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 01
Wild Flowers; or, Pastoral and Local Poetry
Sketches from Memory (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
The Pacha of Many Tales
Historical View of the Languages and Literature of the Slavic Nations: With a Sketch of Their Popular Poetry
Georgie
A General Plan for a Mail Communication by Steam, Between Great Britain and the Eastern and Western Parts of the World
The Diverting History of John Gilpin
The Cruise of the Betsey: or, A Summer Ramble Among the Fossiliferous Deposits of the Hebrides. With Rambles of a Geologist or, Ten Thousand Miles Over the Fossiliferous Deposits of Scotland
The History of Little King Pippin: With an Account of the Melancholy Death of Four Naughty Boys, Who were Devoured by Wild Beasts. And the Wonderful Delivery of Master Harry Harmless, by a Little White Horse.
Signelil, A Tale from the Cornish, and Other Ballads
The Carlovingian Coins; Or, The Daughters of Charlemagne: A Tale of the Ninth Century
Captain Kyd; or, The Wizard of the Sea. Vol. II
Monks, Popes, and their Political Intrigues
Letters from Palestine: Written during a residence there in the years 1836, 7 and 8
Experiments on the Nervous System with Opium and Metalline Substances: Made Chiefly with the View of Determining the Nature and Effects of Animal Electricity
Moral Tales
Literature of the Indian Languages: A Bibliographical Catalogue of Books, Translations of the Scriptures, and Other Publications in the Indian Tongues of the United States, With Brief Critical Notes
The Hymns of Ann Griffiths, of Dolwar Fechan, Translated into English Verse
Substance of a Sermon on the Bible Society: preached at Beccles, October 29th, and at St. Mary's Church Bungay, on Friday, Dec. 1st, 1815
The Hope of the Katzekopfs; or, The Sorrows of Selfishness. A Fairy Tale.
Recollections of a Peninsular Veteran
Franciscus Columna: The Last Novella of Charles Nodier
On Molecular and Microscopic Science, Volume 2 (of 2)
Memoirs of an American Lady: With Sketches of Manners and Scenery in America, as They Existed Previous to the Revolution
The Life of Sir Rowland Hill and the History of Penny Postage, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The American Electro Magnetic Telegraph: With the Reports of Congress, and a Description of All Telegraphs Known, Employing Electricity or Galvanism
Memoirs of Doctor Burney (Vol. 2 of 3): Arranged from his own manuscripts, from family papers, and from personal recollections by his daughter, Madame d'Arblay
Shakspeare and His Times
Dissertation on the Gipseys: Representing their manner of life, family economy, occupations & trades, marriages & education, sickness, death, & burial, religion, language, sciences & arts, &c. &c. &c.; with an historical enquiry concerning their origin & first appearance in Europe
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin, Vol. 8 (of 8)
Infant Schools and Dissenters: A Vindication of "a letter of affectionate remonstrance," &c., from the mistakes respecting it made by William Geary ... and from the misrepresentations of it made by ... John Perowne ... in their respective pamphlets
The Lives of Celebrated Travellers, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Sin of Monsieur Antoine, Volume 2 (of 2) and Leone Leoni
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 5
Slavery: letters and speeches
Picciola : $b The prisoner of Fenestrella or, captivity captive
Thomas Hart Benton's Remarks to the Senate on the Expunging Resolution
Autobiography of a Pocket-Handkerchief
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 2: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
A Sketch of the Causes, Operations and Results of the San Francisco Vigilance Committee of 1856
Fanny, the Flower-Girl; or, Honesty Rewarded. To Which are Added Other Tales
Wallenstein's Camp: A Play
Widger's Quotes and Images from An Attic Philosopher in Paris by Émile Souvestre: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 08
Life and Times of Washington, Volume 2: Revised, Enlarged, and Enriched
The Life and Letters of Maria Edgeworth, Volume 1
The Wept of Wish-Ton-Wish
The Hall of Fantasy (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Sylph Etherege: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
Occasional Poems: Part 3 from Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Emperor Quartet op.76 no.3., 2nd movement: Arranged for solo guitar
Consolations in Travel; or, the Last Days of a Philosopher
A Narrative of the Life of Rev. Noah Davis, A Colored Man: Written by Himself, At The Age of Fifty-Four
Itinerary of Provence and the Rhone: Made During the Year 1819
The Mission; or Scenes in Africa
The Miscellaneous Writings and Speeches of Lord Macaulay: Complete Table of Contents of the Four Volumes
Diary from March 4, 1861, to November 12, 1862
Phrenological Development of Robert Burns: From a Cast of His Skull Moulded at Dumfries, the 31st Day of March 1834
Walladmor, Vol. 2 (of 2): "Freely Translated into German from the English of Sir Walter Scott." And Now Freely Translated from the German into English.
Letter to the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Melbourne on the Cause of the Higher Average Price of Grain in Britain than on the the Continent
The Little Dog Trusty; The Orange Man; and the Cherry Orchard; Being the Tenth Part of Early Lessons (1801)
The Inflexible Captive: A Tragedy, in Five Acts
Papers from Overlook-House
Jemima Placid; or, The Advantage of Good-Nature
The Character of the Jew Books: Being, a Defence of the Natural Innocence of Man, Against Kings and Priests or Tyrants and Impostors
A Letter to the Society for the Suppression of Vice, on Their Malignant Efforts to Prevent a Free Enquiry After Truth and Reason
Sonnets and Canzonets
Torpedo War, and Submarine Explosions
Tour of the American Lakes, and Among the Indians of the North-West Territory, in 1830, Volume 1 (of 2): Disclosing the Character and Prospects of the Indian Race
The Exclusives (vol. 3 of 3)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Madame D'Arblay (Frances Burney)
Biographical notice of Nicolo Paganini: With an analysis of his compositions, and a sketch of the history of the violin.
Medical Inquiries and Observations, Vol. 1: The Second Edition, Revised and Enlarged by the Author
A Letter of affectionate remonstrance addressed to the members of the Established Church in Norwich and in Norfolk and occasioned by the proposed exclusive system of infant education
Letters of an Architect, From France, Italy, and Greece. Volume 2 [of 2]
A gallop among American scenery: or, Sketches of American scenes and military adventure
Memoirs of the Princesse de Ligne, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Travels in Kordofan : $b Embracing a description of that province of Egypt, and of some of the bordering countries, with a review of the present state of the commerce in those countries, of the habits and customs of the inhabitants, as also an account of the slave hunts taking place under the government of Mehemed Ali
Travels of Lady Hester Stanhope, Volume 2 (of 3)
Recollections of James Anthony Gardner, commander R.N. (1775–1814)
The Contrast
The Wandering Jew — Volume 08
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 05
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 12
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 7: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
After the Storm
On the Study of Words
Rob Roy — Volume 02
Lucretia — Volume 03
The Giant Hands; or, the Reward of Industry
Shanty the Blacksmith; a Tale of Other Times
Poems
Discourse of the Life and Character of the Hon. Littleton Waller Tazewell
Cottage Poems
Narrative of the Most Remarkable Events Which Occurred in and near Leipzig Immediately Before, During, and Subsequent to, the Sanguinary Series of Engagements Between the Allied Armies of the French, from the 14th to the 19th October, 1813
The Child at Home: The Principles of Filial Duty, Familiarly Illustrated
The first of April; $b or, The triumphs of folly: A poem dedicated to a celebrated duchess. By the author of The Diaboliad.
Miss Philly Firkin, The China-Woman
The Peacock 'At Home:': A Sequel to the Butterfly's Ball
The King of Root Valley: and his curious daughter
An Essay on the Scriptural Doctrine of Immortality
The Ancient Monuments of North and South America, 2nd ed.
The Travellers: A Tale, Designed for Young People.
Calvert and Penn: Or the Growth of Civil and Religious Liberty in America, as Disclosed in the Planting of Maryland and Pennsylvania
Awd Isaac, The Steeple Chase, and Other Poems: With a glossary of the Yorkshire Dialect
Matilda Montgomerie; Or, The Prophecy Fulfilled
Society, Manners and Politics in the United States: Being a Series of Letters on North America
Canadian Scenery, Volume 1 (of 2)
General History of Connecticut, from Its First Settlement Under George Fenwick to its Latest Period of Amity with Great Britain
Prospectus of the Scots New Zealand Land Company
The Sporting Dictionary, and Rural Repository, Volume 1 (of 2): Of General Information upon Every Subject Appertaining to the Sports of the Field
Christianity Viewed in Relation to the Present State of Society and Opinion.
Observations on the State of Religion and Literature in Spain
Historical Record of the Thirty-fourth, or the Cumberland Regiment of Foot: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1702 and of its subsequent services to 1844
Historical Record of the Thirty-sixth, or the Herefordshire Regiment of Foot: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1701, and of its subsequent services to 1852
History of the transmission of ancient books to modern times: together with the process of historical proof; or, a concise account of the means by which genuineness of ancient literature generally, and the authenticity of historical works especially are ascertained including incidental remarks upon the relative strength of the evidence usually adduced in behalf of the Holy Scriptures
The land of gold; or, Three years in California
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 8 (of 8)
Legendary & romantic tales of Indian history
A year among the trees : $b or, the woods and by-ways of New England
Compulsory manumission : $b or, An examination of the actual state of the West India question
The Provost
The Wandering Jew — Volume 03
The Wandering Jew — Volume 09
The Wandering Jew — Volume 11
George Leatrim
Widger's Quotes and Images from Gerfaut by Charles de Bernard: The French Immortals: Quotes And Images
Pelham — Volume 01
Lucretia — Volume 01
Life and Remains of John Clare, The "Northamptonshire Peasant Poet"
The Village Uncle (From "Twice Told Tales")
The Old Apple Dealer (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Fragments from the Journal of a Solitary Man: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
A Trip to Paris in July and August 1792
Henry of Monmouth, Volume 1: Or, Memoirs of the Life and Character of Henry the Fifth, as Prince of Wales and King of England
Country Lodgings
Rich enough : $b a tale of the times
Memoirs to Illustrate the History of My Time, Volume 1
Tord of Hafsborough, and Other Ballads
On the Nature of Thought: Or, The act of thinking and its connexion with a perspicuous sentence
The Unconstitutionality of Slavery
The Poetical Works of William Lisle Bowles, Vol. 2
Gen. Cowdin and the First Massachusetts Regiment of Volunteers
The Philosophy of the Weather. And a Guide to Its Changes
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 4
The Widow Barnaby. Vol. 2 (of 3)
An Account of the Campaign in the West Indies, in the Year 1794: Under the Command of their Excellencies Lieutenant General Sir Charles Grey, K.B., and Vice Admiral Sir John Jervis, K.B.
Calvinistic Controversy: Embracing a Sermon on Predestination and Election and Several Numbers, Formally Published in the Christian Advocate and Journal.
The World Before Them: A Novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Lady Eureka; or, The Mystery: A Prophecy of the Future. Volume 1
Experiments and Observations on the Following Subjects: 1. On the preparation, calcination, and medicinal uses of Magnesia Alba. 2. On the solvent qualities of calcined Magnesia. 3. On the variety in the solvent powers of quick-lime, when used in different quantities. 4. On various absorbents, as promoting or retarding putrefaction. 5. On the comparative antiseptic powers of vegetable infusions prepared with lime, &c. 6. On the sweetening properties of fixed air.
The Missionary: An Indian Tale; vol. II
Travels in Kamtschatka, during the years 1787 and 1788, Volume 2
Some Recollections of Our Antislavery Conflict
Journal of a Residence in America
Indian Biography; Vol. 1 (of 2): Or, An Historical Account of Those Individuals Who Have Been Distinguished among the North American Natives as Orators, Warriors, Statesmen, and Other Remarkable Characters
Notes Geographical and Historical, Relating to the Town of Brooklyn in Kings County on Long-Island
The Manoeuvring Mother (vol. 3 of 3)
Proverbs and Their Lessons: Being the Subject of Lectures Delivered to Young Men's Societies at Portsmouth and Elsewhere
Sermons by the late Rev. Richard de Courcy
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Benjamin Disraeli
A treatise on the esculent funguses of England: containing an account of their classical history, uses, characters, development, structure, nutritious properties, modes of cooking and preserving, etc.
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 2 (of 6)
History of the Peninsular War, Volume 5 (of 6)
A Popular History of England, From the Earliest Times to the Reign of Queen Victoria; Vol. II
Lodore, Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Spiritual Improvement of the Census: A Sermon, Preached in the Parish Church of All Saints, Fulham, 30th March, 1851
Phrenology Examined
Ecclesiastical History of England, Volume 5—The Church of the Revolution
Glenarvon, Volume 2 (of 3)
Essays
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 10
The Wandering Jew — Volume 04
Married Life; Its Shadows and Sunshine
Sketches by Seymour — Volume 03
The Clockmaker — or, the Sayings and Doings of Samuel Slick, of Slickville
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 06: Poems from the Breakfast Table Series
The Disowned — Volume 08
The Last of the Barons — Volume 07
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 20
The Toll Gatherer's Day (From "Twice Told Tales")
Buds and Bird Voices (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
True Riches; Or, Wealth Without Wings
Hark!  The Herald Angels Sing
Memoirs of the Courts and Cabinets of George the Third: From the Original Family Documents, Volume 1
How The Redoubt Was Taken: 1896
Enthusiasm and Other Poems
An Appeal to the British Nation on the Humanity and Policy of Forming a National Institution for the Preservation of Lives and Property from Shipwreck (1825)
The Rebellion in the Cevennes, an Historical Novel. Vol. I.
Three Prize Essays on American Slavery
King Eric and the Outlaws, Vol. 1: or, the Throne, the Church, and the People in the Thirteenth Century.
Frédérique, vol. 2
Tales for Fifteen
Ambrose Gwinett; or, a sea-side story: a melo-drama, in three acts
Sheppard Lee, Written by Himself. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Canadian Scenery, Volume 2 (of 2)
Elements of Physiophilosophy
A Letter on Suspended Animation: containing experiments shewing that it may be safely employed during operations on animals
The Birds of Australia, Vol. 2 of 7
Meditations on the Essence of Christianity, and on the Religious Questions of the Day.
The Birds of Australia, Vol. 4 of 7
History of the Origin of Representative Government in Europe
The Baronial Halls, and Ancient Picturesque Edifices of England; Vol. 2 of 2
The antiquities of Bridgnorth : $b with some historical notices of the town and castle
The Palace of Glass and the Gathering of the People: A Book for the Exhibition
Memoirs of Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, and of the Court of Queen Anne Vol. 2 (of 2)
Travels through the states of North America, and the provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, during the years 1795, 1796, and 1797 [Vol. 2 of 2]
Sketch of the Reformation in England
Naomi : $b or the last days of Jerusalem
Little Arthur's history of England
A narrative of travels in northern Africa in the years 1818, 19, and 20; accompanied by geographical notices of Soudan and of the course of the Niger
Illustrations of political economy, Volume 5 (of 9)
Narrative of the residence of Fatalla Sayeghir among the wandering Arabs of the great desert
Essays; Political, Economical, and Philosophical — Volume 1
An Attic Philosopher in Paris — Volume 2
The Talkative Wig
Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia — Volume 2
Waverley; Or, 'Tis Sixty Years Since — Volume 1
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 18
Domestic Pleasures, or, the Happy Fire-side
Passages from the English Notebooks, Volume 2.
Beneath an Umbrella (From "Twice Told Tales")
Tales and Sketches: Part 3 from Volume V of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Travels in Morocco, Volume 2.
Gwaith Alun
Outlines of a mechanical theory of storms : $b containing the true law of lunar influence, with practical instructions to the navigator, to enable him approximately to calculate the coming changes of the wind and weather, for any given day, and for any part of the ocean
Memoirs of the Jacobites of 1715 and 1745. Volume III.
An Essay on the Application of the Lunar Caustic in the Cure of Certain Wounds and Ulcers
Broad Grins: Comprising, With New Additional Tales in Verse, Those; Formerly Publish'd Under the Title "My Night-Gown and; Slippers."
The Rebellion in the Cevennes, an Historical Novel. Vol. II.
The History of the Medical Department of Transylvania University
Captain Kyd; or, The Wizard of the Sea. Vol. I
The Monctons: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 2)
On the supply of printed books from the library to the reading room of the British Museum
History of the State of California: From the Period of the Conquest by Spain to Her Occupation by the United States of America
A System of Midwifery
A Legend of Reading Abbey
The Sabbath at Home
Austria: containing a Description of the Manners, Customs, Character and Costumes of the People of that Empire
Love After Marriage; and Other Stories of the Heart
A Noble Queen: A Romance of Indian History (Volume 2 of 3)
Philosophy of the Plan of Salvation: A Book for the Times
Wager of Battle: A Tale of Saxon Slavery in Sherwood Forest
A Dissertation on the Books of Origen against Celsus
Science for the School and Family, Part I. Natural Philosophy
The Steam Engine Familiarly Explained and Illustrated: With an historical sketch of its invention and progressive improvement; its applications to navigation and railways; with plain axioms for railway speculators
Pedestrianism; or, An Account of the Performances of Celebrated Pedestrians During the Last and Present Century.: With a full narrative of Captain Barclay's public and private matches; and an essay on training.
Memoirs of the Late War, Vol 2 (of 2): Comprising the Personal Narrative of Captain Cooke, of the 43rd Regiment Light Infantry; the History of the Campaign of 1809 in Portugal, by the Earl of Munster; and a Narrative of the Campaign of 1814 in Holland, by Lieut. T. W. D. Moodie, H. P. 21st Fusileers
A View of Society and Manners in France, Switzerland, and Germany, Vol. 1 (of 2): With Anecdotes Relating to Some Eminent Characters
Legendary Tales of the Highlands (Volume 3 of 3): A sequel to Highland Rambles
Thirty Letters on Various Subjects, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Thoughts on a Pebble, or, A First Lesson in Geology
The Baptism of the Prince: A Sermon: Preached ... on Sunday morning, Jan. 23, 1842, in anticipation of the baptism of His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales.
Speech of the Right Honourable William Pitt, in the House of Commons, Thursday, January 31, 1799: On offering to the House the resolutions which he proposed as the basis of an union between Great Britain and Ireland: Fifth Edition.
The Sabbath: A Sermon
Friendly counsels for freedmen
Romances of the old town of Edinburgh
The life of John Metcalf, commonly called Blind Jack of Knaresborough: with ... anecdotes of his exploits in hunting, card-playing, &c., some particulars relative to the expedition against the rebels in 1745 ...; and also a succinct account of his various contracts for making roads, erecting bridges ... in Yorkshire, Lancashire, Derbyshire, and Cheshire ...
The Piccinino, Volume 2 (of 2); The last of Aldinis
Under England's flag : $b from 1804-1809: the memoirs, diary and correspondence of Charles Boothy, Captain of Royal Engineers, compiled by the last survivors of his family
Dora
Miscellanies : $b embracing Nature, addresses, and lectures
The poetical works of Janet Little, the Scotch milkmaid
Travels of Lady Hester Stanhope, Volume 3 (of 3)
Penelope : $b or, Love's labour lost. A novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
The physiology of digestion considered with relation to the principles of dietetics
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 02
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 06
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 6: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
All's for the Best
The Canadian Brothers; Or, The Prophecy Fulfilled: A Tale of the Late American War — Complete
The Physiology of Marriage, Part 2
World's Best Histories — Volume 7: France
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 01: Earlier Poems (1830-1836)
Lucretia — Volume 05
Passages from the French and Italian Notebooks, Complete
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 19.: Second Series
Memoirs of Henry Hunt, Esq. — Volume 2
Jack in the Forecastle; or, Incidents in the Early Life of Hawser Martingale
Sanders' Union Fourth Reader: Embracing a Full Exposition of the Principles of Rhetorical Reading; with Numerous Exercises for Practice, Both in Prose and Poetry, Various in Style, and Carefully Adapted to the Purposes of Teaching in Schools of Every Grade
A Rill from the Town Pump
Sights from a Steeple (From "Twice Told Tales")
Passages from a Relinquished Work (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Wild Northern Scenes; Or, Sporting Adventures with the Rifle and the Rod
Fugitive Slave Law: The Religious Duty of Obedience to Law : A Sermon by Ichabod S. Spencer Preached In The Second Presbyterian Church In Brooklyn, Nov. 24, 1850
Watch—Work—Wait: Or, The Orphan's Victory
The Life of Mansie Wauch: Tailor in Dalkeith, written by himself
Rollo in Switzerland
The Verner Raven, The Count of Vendel's Daughter, and Other Ballads
The Story of Yvashka with the Bear's Ear
The Progress of Ethnology: An Account of Recent Archaeological, Philological and Geographical Researches in Various Parts of the Globe, Tending to Elucidate the Physical History of Man
Nuts and Nutcrackers
King Eric and the Outlaws, Vol. 3: or, the Throne, the Church, and the People in the Thirteenth Century.
The Flower Girl of The Château d'Eau, v.1 (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XV)
The Court of Cacus; Or, The Story of Burke and Hare
A Sermon Delivered before His Excellency Levi Lincoln, Governor, His Honor Thomas L. Winthrop, Lieutenant Governor, the Hon. Council, the Senate, and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on the day of General Election, May 28, 1828
Married Life: A Comedy, in Three Acts
A System of Pyrotechny: Comprehending the theory and practice, with the application of chemistry; designed for exhibition and for war.
Thoughts on General and Partial Inoculations: Containing a translation of two treatises written when the author was at Petersburg, and published there, by Command of her Imperial Majesty, in the Russian Language
Hassan; or, The Child of the Pyramid: An Egyptian Tale
The East India Vade-Mecum, Volume 2 (of 2): or, complete guide to gentlemen intended for the civil, military, or naval service of the East India Company.
Baptism According to Scripture
Historical Record of the Eighteenth, or the Royal Irish Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1684, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1848.
The life and times of George Villiers, duke of Buckingham, Volume 2 (of 3): From original and authentic sources
Courtship of Miles Standish: Minnehaha Edition
Historical Record of the Forty-sixth or South Devonshire Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1741 and of Its Subsequent Services to 1851
Common Sense Applied to Religion; Or, The Bible and the People
The Exclusives (vol. 1 of 3)
Bertha's Visit to Her Uncle in England; vol. 2 [of 3]
A View of Society and Manners in Italy, Volume 1 (of 2): With Anecdotes Relating to some Eminent Characters
African Colonization by the Free Colored People of the United States, an Indispensable Auxiliary to African Missions.: A Lecture
The Birds of Australia, Vol. 3 of 7
Chains and Freedom: or, The Life and Adventures of Peter Wheeler, a Colored Man Yet Living
A Popular History of England, From the Earliest Times to the Reign of Queen Victoria; Vol. I
The Sabbath Breaker Reclaimed; or, a pleasing history of Thomas Brown
The Wishing Cap
The Salem Belle: A Tale of 1692
A Journey Made in the Summer of 1794, through Holland and the Western Frontier of Germany, with a Return Down the Rhine, Vol. 2 (of 2): To Which Are Added Observations during a Tour to the Lakes of Lancashire, Westmoreland, and Cumberland; Second Edition
The Natural History of the Tea-Tree, with Observations on the Medical Qualities of Tea, and on the Effects of Tea-Drinking
Bee-Keeping
The Sin of Monsieur Antoine, Volume 1 (of 2)
Modern literature: a novel, Volume 2 (of 3)
Life of Sir Walter Scott, with Abbotsford Notanda
Lyrical tales
Memoirs of a griffin : $b Or, A cadet's first year in India
Memoirs of the Lady Hester Stanhope, as related by herself in conversations with her physician, vol. 1 (of 3)
Voyages of the Dutch brig of war Dourga : $b through the southern and little-known parts of the Moluccan Archipelago, and along the previously unknown southern coast of New Guinea, performed during the years 1825 & 1826
The subaltern
Henry Clay's Remarks in House and Senate
History of Friedrich II of Prussia — Volume 14
The Wandering Jew — Volume 10
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 4: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
The Pedler of Dust Sticks
The Parish Register
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 4
Texas: A Brief Account of the Origin, Progress and Present State of the Colonial Settlements of Texas; Together with an Exposition of the Causes which have induced the Existing War with Mexico
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 12: Verses from the Oldest Portfolio
Widger's Quotes and Images from Cinq Mars by Alfred de Vigny: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Devereux — Volume 03
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 06
Paul Clifford — Volume 03
The Parisians — Volume 01
The Parisians — Volume 12
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 10
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 21.: Second Series
Germany from the Earliest Period, Volume 4
Memoirs of Henry Hunt, Esq. — Volume 3
A Bell's Biography
Golden Steps to Respectability, Usefulness and Happiness: Being a Series of Lectures to Youth of Both Sexes, on Character, Principles, Associates, Amusements, Religion, and Marriage
The Little Savage
The Barbadoes Girl: A Tale for Young People
Mr. Joseph Hanson, The Haberdasher
Heart Utterances at Various Periods of a Chequered Life
The Electoral Votes of 1876: Who Should Count Them, What Should Be Counted, and the Remedy for a Wrong Count
Guy Fawkes; Or, A Complete History Of The Gunpowder Treason, A.D. 1605
Specimens of German Romance; Vol. I. The Patricians
Tales from the German.  Volume II.
Nature and Culture
An account of the Death of Philip Jolin: who was executed for the murder of his father, in the Island of Jersey, October 3, 1829
Experiments and Observations Relative to the Influence Lately Discovered by M. Galvani and Commonly Called Animal Electricity
The Life of Robert, Lord Clive, Vol. 3 (of 3): Collected from the Family Papers Communicated by the Earl of Powis
Alhalla, or the Lord of Talladega: A Tale of the Creek War.: With Some Selected Miscellanies, Chiefly of Early Date.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Prose Works of Hector Berlioz
Meditations on the Actual State of Christianity, and on the Attacks Which Are Now Being Made Upon It.
Plain Parochial Sermons, preached in the Parish Church of Bolton-le-Moors
Wintering at Mentone
The Pedestrian's Guide through North Wales: A tour performed in 1837
A Treatise on the Plague and Yellow Fever: With an Appendix, containing histories of the plague at Athens in the time of the Peloponnesian War; at Constantinople in the time of Justinian; at London in 1665; at Marseilles in 1720
The power of kindness and other stories: A book for the example and encouragement of the young
Essay on the effects of iodine on the human constitution: With practical observation on its use in the cure of bronchocele, scrophula, and the tuberculous diseases of the chest and abdomen
Modern literature: a novel, Volume 3 (of 3)
Report on the lands of the arid region of the United States, with a more detailed account of the lands of Utah
The Papers and Writings of Abraham Lincoln — Volume 3: The Lincoln-Douglas Debates
The Wandering Jew — Volume 02
The Wandering Jew — Volume 05
The Son of My Friend
Inebriety and The Candidate
The Library
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands — Volume 02
The Conflict with Slavery: Part 1 from The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VII
American Scenes, and Christian Slavery: A Recent Tour of Four Thousand Miles in the United States
Samuel F. B. Morse, His Letters and Journals: In Two Volumes, Volume I.
Theobald, the Iron-Hearted; Or, Love to Enemies
Turns of Fortune, and Other Tales
Richard Lovell Edgeworth: A Selection From His Memoirs
The Gipsies' Advocate: Or, Observations on the Origin, Character, Manners, and Habits of the English Gipsies
Old Mackinaw; Or, The Fortress of the Lakes and its Surroundings
The Welsh and Their Literature: from The London Quarterly Review, January 1861, American Edition
Paul Gosslett's Confessions in Love, Law, and The Civil Service
The Widow Barnaby. Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Child Who Died and Lived Again
The Character of a Priest
My Mother's Gold Ring: Founded on Fact: Eighth Edition
Geoffery Gambado: A Simple Remedy for Hypochondriacism and Melancholy Splenetic Humours
Manners: A Novel, Vol 3
Who was the Commander at Bunker Hill?: With Remarks on Frothingham's History of the Battle
Anecdotes of the Manners and Customs of London during the Eighteenth Century; Vol. 1 (of 2): Including the Charities, Depravities, Dresses, and Amusements etc.
Personal sketches of his own times, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Trip to the West and Texas: comprising a journey of eight thousand miles, through New-York, Michigan, Illinois, Missouri, Louisiana and Texas, in the autumn and winter of 1834-5.
Rank and Talent; A Novel, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Helon's Pilgrimage to Jerusalem, Volume 1 (of 2): A picture of Judaism, in the century which preceded the advent of our Savior.
The Comic Adventures of Old Mother Hubbard, and Her Dog: In which is shewn the wonderful powers that good old lady possessed in the education of her favourite animal
Catharine de Bora: Social and Domestic Scenes in the Home of Luther
The Military Sketch-Book, Vol. 2 (of 2): Reminiscences of seventeen years in the service abroad and at home
Legendary Tales of the Highlands (Volume 1 of 3): A sequel to Highland Rambles
The Proportions of Christian Liberality: A sermon, preached before a Monthly Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches, held at Trevor Chapel, Brompton, April 8, 1824
A Popular History of England, From the Earliest Times to the Reign of Queen Victoria; Vol. III
Thirty years' history of the church and congregation in Prince's Street Chapel, Norwich
The Tourist's Guide through North Wales
A monograph on sleep and dream: their physiology and psychology
Les beaux messieurs de Bois-Doré Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Love-chase
Memoirs of the Court of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, Volume 5: Being the Historic Memoirs of Madam Campan, First Lady in Waiting to the Queen
Lessons in Life, for All Who Will Read Them
State of the Union Addresses
Memoir of Father Vincent de Paul; religious of La Trappe
The Disowned — Volume 04
Fancy's Show-Box (From "Twice Told Tales")
Time's Portraiture: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
Pennsylvania Pilgrim, and other poems: Part 6 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Solitary of Juan Fernandez, or the Real Robinson Crusoe
The Experiences of a Barrister, and Confessions of an Attorney
Henry of Monmouth, Volume 2: Or, Memoirs of the Life and Character of Henry the Fifth, as Prince of Wales and King of England
Up! Horsie!: An Original Fairy Tale
Popular Lectures on Zoonomia: Or The Laws of Animal Life, in Health and Disease
Cursory Observations on the Poems Attributed to Thomas Rowley (1782)
Remarks Concerning Stones Said to Have Fallen from the Clouds, Both in These Days, and in Antient Times
The Emigrant: or Reflections While Descending the Ohio
The Will of Samuel Appleton, with Remarks by One of the Executors
Curiosities of History: Boston, September Seventeenth, 1630-1880
Mary Seaham: A Novel. Volume 1 of 3
Report of the Hoosac Tunnel and Troy and Greenfield Railroad, by the Joint Standing Committee of 1866.
The Greville Memoirs, Part 3 (of 3), Volume 2 (of 2): A Journal of the Reign of Queen Victoria from 1852 to 1860
Love in a Mask; Or, Imprudence and Happiness
Letters to Persons Who Are Engaged in Domestic Service
Medical Inquiries and Observations, Vol. 3: The Second Edition, Revised and Enlarged by the Author
Journal of the Life and Religious Labours of Elias Hicks
The Marquis de Villemer
Subscription the disgrace of the English Church [2nd edition]
Lady Maclairn, the victim of villany : $b A novel, volume 1 (of 4)
Christian Literature: a sermon delivered May 8th, 1870, in Kensington Chapel, at the seventy-first anniversary of the Religious Tract Society
Palm Sunday; or, Little Mary's Saturday's walk
A Farewell Sermon: delivered on Sunday, October 23, A.D. 1842, at the Parish Church of St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington
Ismael; an oriental tale. With other poems
A Parody on "Mary's Ghost;" or, The Doctors and Body-snatchers.: A Pathetic Tale, With Numerous Additions.
Penelope : $b or, Love's labour lost. A novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 1: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
The Duenna: A Comic Opera
Pelham — Volume 06
Pelham — Volume 07
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 06
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 05
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 01
Paul Clifford — Volume 01
The Parisians — Volume 10
Falkland, Book 4.
Italian Letters, Vols. I and II; Or, The History of the Count de St. Julian
Bay of Seven Islands, and other poems: Part 7 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Night and Morning, Volume 1
The Girl's Cabinet of Instructive and Moral Stories
History of the missions of the American Board Of Commissioners For Foreign Missions to the oriental churches, Volume I.
Traditions of the North American Indians, Vol. 3
The Man in the Reservoir
Wampum: A Paper Presented to the Numismatic and Antiquarian Society of Philadelphia
The Brass Bell; or, The Chariot of Death
Narrative of the Captivity of William Biggs among the Kickapoo Indians in Illinois in 1788
The Mysteries of Paris, illustrated with etchings, Vol. 5
Inquiry Into the Origin and Course of Political Parties in the United States
Sketches of Reforms and Reformers, of Great Britain and Ireland
Delusion; or, The Witch of New England
Manners: A Novel, Vol 1
Address to the Non-Slaveholders of the South: on the Social and Political Evils of Slavery
Luke Barnicott, and Other Stories
Munster Village
Travels in the interior of Brazil: with notices on its climate, agriculture, commerce, population, mines, manners, and customs: and a particular account of the gold and diamond districts.
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 3 (of 8)
British Bees: An Introduction into the Studies of the Natural History and Economy of the Bees Indigenous to the British Isles
Poems from Eastern Sources: The Steadfast Prince; and Other Poems
A boy in the Peninsular War : $b the services, adventures and experiences of Robert Blakeney
An Account of the Late Intended Insurrection among a Portion of the Blacks of this City
Edinburgh Papers. Edinburgh Merchants and Merchandise in Old Times
The Dying Gipsy
Christ Remembered at His Table
A Monograph of the Trilobites of North America: with Coloured Models of the Species
Historical Record of the Fifty-sixth, or the West Essex Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1755, and of its subsequent services to 1844.
Researches Chemical and Philosophical; Chiefly concerning nitrous oxide: or dephlogisticated nitrous air and its respiration
The Character and Happiness of Them That Die in the Lord: A sermon, preached Oct. 13, 1822, in Park Chapel, Chelsea, on occasion of the death of the late Rev. John Owen
The Bee Preserver; or, Practical Directions for the Management and Preservation of Hives
The northern whale-fishery
The Piccinino, Volume 1 (of 2)
Mexican letters written during the progress of the late war between the United States and Mexico, no. 1.
Aristocracy in America. From the sketch-book of a German nobleman. vol. 2 (of 2)
London in the Jacobite times, Volume II
Domestic Annals of Scotland from the Reformation to the Revolution, Volume 2 (of 2)
Little Songs
State of the Union Addresses
Hardscrabble; or, the fall of Chicago: a tale of Indian warfare
The Thirty Years War — Volume 04
The Thirty Years War — Volume 05
Gaut Gurley; Or, the Trappers of Umbagog: A Tale of Border Life
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 08
"My Novel" — Volume 01
Sunday at Home (From "Twice Told Tales")
Monsieur du Miroir (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 10
The Pilgrims of New England: A Tale of the Early American Settlers
The Young Emigrants; Madelaine Tube; the Boy and the Book; and Crystal Palace
The kings and queens of England, with other poems
The Eclipse of Faith; Or, A Visit to a Religious Sceptic
Extracts from a Journal of a Voyage of Visitation in the "Hawk," 1859
Pride: One of the Seven Cardinal Sins
War Inconsistent with the Religion of Jesus Christ
Mathieu Ropars: et cetera
Strictures on Nullification
The World Before Them: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Penelope : $b or, Love's labour lost. A novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Gospel of Slavery: A Primer of Freedom
Life of Sir William Wallace of Elderslie, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Sketches of Fifteen Members of Worcester Fire Society
The Legend of Sister Beatrix
The eastern or Turkish bath : $b its history, revival in Britain, and application to the purposes of health
Peru as It Is, Volume 2 (of 2): A Residence in Lima, and Other Parts of the Peruvian Republic, Comprising an Account of the Social and Physical Features of That Country
Excursions in the County of Cornwall: Comprising a Concise Historical and Topographical Delineation of the Principal Towns and Villages, Together With Descriptions of the Residences of the Nobility and Gentry, Remains of Antiquity, and Every Other Interesting Object of Curiosity
Personal Narrative of Events, From 1799 to 1815
A letter to the Rev. Charles N. Wodehouse, Canon of Norwich, occasioned by his recent publication, entitled, "What is the meaning of Subscription?": with a few observations on the speech &c. of the Lord Bishop of Norwich, on Subscription
Subscription the disgrace of the English Church [1st edition]
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin, Vol. 6 (of 8)
The year of jubilee; but not to Africans: a discourse, delivered July 4th, 1825, being the 49th anniversary of American independence
Valuation of Real Estate in the Town of Acton. November 2, 1850.
A Statement of Facts Tending to Establish an Estimate of the True Value and Present State of Vaccination
Memoirs and Posthumous Works of Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin, Vol. 1
Feudal tyrants; or, The Counts of Carlsheim and Sargans, volume 4 (of 4)
A man made of money
London in the Jacobite times, Volume I
The snow man
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 05
Memoirs of the Courts of Louis XV and XVI. — Volume 6: Being secret memoirs of Madame Du Hausset, lady's maid to Madame de Pompadour, and of the Princess Lamballe
John Lothrop Motley. a memoir — Volume 3
State of the Union Addresses
The Canadian Brothers; Or, The Prophecy Fulfilled: A Tale of the Late American War — Volume 1
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 1
Memorials and Other Papers — Volume 1
The Dialect of the West of England; Particularly Somersetshire
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 05
The Parisians — Volume 07
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 13.: Second Series
Reminiscences of Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Robert Southey
Poems on Serious and Sacred Subjects: Printed only as Private Tokens of Regard, for the Particular Friends of the Author
The Vaudois Teacher, and other poems: Part 1 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
A Political Diary, 1828-1830, Volume II
Speech of John Hossack, Convicted of a Violation of the Fugitive Slave Law: Before Judge Drummond, Of The United States District Court, Chicago, Ill.
Snarleyyow; or, The Dog Fiend
Christian Sects in the Nineteenth Century
The White House (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XII)
The Bashful Lover (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume XIX)
The Broken Font: A Story of the Civil War, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Life of Sir Rowland Hill and the History of Penny Postage, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Anecdotes of the Manners and Customs of London during the Eighteenth Century; Vol. 2 (of 2): Including the Charities, Depravities, Dresses, and Amusements etc.
Observations on the Disturbances in the Madras Army in 1809
Statement of the Provision for the Poor, and of the Condition of the Labouring Classes in a Considerable Portion of America and Europe: Being the preface to the foreign communications contained in the appendix to the Poor-Law Report
The Manoeuvring Mother (vol. 1 of 3)
Helon's Pilgrimage to Jerusalem, Volume 2 (of 2): A picture of Judaism, in the century which preceded the advent of our Savior.
Observations upon the town of Cromer : $b considered as a watering place, and the picturesque scenery in its neighbourhood
The Sporting Dictionary and Rural Repository, Volume 2 (of 2): Of General Information upon Every Subject Appertaining to the Sports of the Field
History of the Reformation in Europe in the Time of Calvin. Vol. 4 (of 8)
An Address to Lord Teignmouth, president of the British and Foreign Bible Society, occasioned by his address to the clergy of the Church of England
The Fashionable World Displayed
A Lost Chapter in the History of the Steamboat
Little Paulina: Christmas in Russia
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the south of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814, vol. 3
The tryal of Mr. Daniel Sutton, for the high crime of preserving the lives of His Majesty's liege subjects, by means of inoculation
An inaugural dissertation on pulmonary consumption
Anti-slavery catechism
Woodburn Grange: A story of English country life; vol. 1 of 3
The cup; and The falcon
The bombardier, and pocket gunner
Masterman Ready
New York
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 15
Cinq Mars — Volume 4
The Good Time Coming
State of the Union Addresses
State of the Union Addresses
The Canadian Brothers; Or, The Prophecy Fulfilled: A Tale of the Late American War — Volume 2
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 6
Serious Hours of a Young Lady
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 04: Songs in Many Keys
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 11: Poems from the Teacups Series
Lucretia — Volume 02
"My Novel" — Volume 05
The Last of the Barons — Volume 05
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 07
Old Ticonderoga, a Picture of the Past: (From: "The Snow Image and Other Twice-Told Tales")
An account of some of the principal slave insurrections, and others, which have occured, or been attempted, in the United States and elsewhere, during the last two centuries.
The Phantom Ship
The Little Quaker; or, the Triumph of Virtue. A Tale for the Instruction of Youth
Letter to the Reverend Mr. Cary: Containing Remarks upon his Review of the Grounds of; Christianity Examined by Comparing the New Testament to; the Old
A Walk through Leicester: being a Guide to Strangers
A Solemn Caution Against the Ten Horns of Calvinism
The Lawyers, A Drama in Five Acts
Peace with Mexico
A Concise Biographical Sketch of William Penn
The Cape and the Kaffirs: A Diary of Five Years' Residence in Kaffirland
Two Voyages to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land
Historical Record of the Sixth, or Inniskilling Regiment of Dragoons: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1689, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1846
Bertha's Visit to Her Uncle in England; vol. 3 [of 3]
Facts and Assertions: or a Brief and Plain Exhibition of the Incongruity of the Peculiar Doctrines of the Church of Rome: With Those Both of the Sacred Scriptures and of the Early Writers of the Christian Church Catholic
Medical Inquiries and Observations, Vol. 4: The Second Edition, Revised and Enlarged by the Author
Viimeisen Aabenserraagin vaiheet
The Christmas dinner, from "The sketch book"
Historical record of the Thirteenth, First Somerset, or the Prince Albert's  Regiment of Light Infantry: containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1685, and of its subsequent services to 1848.
Summer Morning: A poem
Right and wrong in Massachusetts
The works of Richard Hurd, volume 7 (of 8)
Niebuhr's lectures on Roman history, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The doctor, &c., vol. 7 (of 7)
Droll Stories — Volume 3
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 13
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 03
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 11
Miscellaneous Poems
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 3
Memorials and Other Papers — Volume 2
Petty Troubles of Married Life, Second Part
Quotes and Images From The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 04
The Parisians — Volume 06
Memoirs of Henry Hunt, Esq. — Volume 1
The Vision of the Fountain (From "Twice Told Tales")
Fire Worship (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Anti-Slavery Poems 2.: Part 2 From Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Book I.
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Book III.
Five Pebbles from the Brook
The Privateersman
The Giant of Bern and Orm Ungerswayne: A Ballad
The snow-image: a childish miracle
Thoughts on the Religious Instruction of the Negroes of this Country
The Infidel; or, the Fall of Mexico. Vol. II.
Life of Mary Queen of Scots, Volume 2 (of 2)
Congregationalism in the Court Suburb
Valentine and Orson: A Romantic Melo-Drame: As Performed at the Theatre-Royal Covent-Garden
How to Settle Accounts with your Laundress: An Original Farce, in One Act
Spain in 1830, vol. 1
Spain in 1830, vol. 2
The Royal Exchange and the Palace of Industry; or, The Possible Future of Europe and the World
A View of Society and Manners in Italy, Volume 2 (of 2): With Anecdotes Relating to some Eminent Characters
Pretty Verses for All Good Children: In Words of One, Two, and Three Syllables
Extracts from "Sikes on Parochial Communion": relating to Episcopacy, and the sin of Schism
Lewesdon Hill, with other poems
The necessity of disinterment, under existing circumstances
Feudal tyrants; or, The Counts of Carlsheim and Sargans, volume 2 (of 4)
Supplement to the catalogue of seals and whales in the British Museum
Recollections of the eventful life of a soldier
Notes taken during travels in Africa
The doctor, &c., vol. 5 (of 7)
An index to the collected works of William Hazlitt
The journal of Elizabeth Lady Holland (1791-1811) Volume 2 (of 2)
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 03
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 06
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 08
Wacousta : a tale of the Pontiac conspiracy — Volume 2
The Last of the Barons — Volume 11
Paul Clifford — Volume 07
Anti-Slavery Poems 3.: Part 3 From Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 08
After Waterloo: Reminiscences of European Travel 1815-1819
Mercadet: A Comedy in Three Acts
Letters on International Copyright; Second Edition
Extract from a Sermon Delivered at the Bulfinch-Street Church, Boston, Jan. 9, 1853, the Sunday Following the Interment of the Late Amos Lawrence
Wau-nan-gee; Or, the Massacre at Chicago: A Romance of the American Revolution
Memoir of Jared Sparks, LL.D.
Correspondence, between the late Commodore Stephen Decatur and Commodore James Barron, which led to the unfortunate meeting of the twenty-second of March
The Bath Keepers; Or, Paris in Those Days, v.2: (Novels of Paul de Kock Volume VIII)
Rank and Talent; A Novel, Vol. 2 (of 3)
A Visit to the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky
The Office of Bailiff of a Liberty
The True Ministers of Christ Accredited by the Holy Spirit: A Sermon
The Exclusives (vol. 2 of 3)
Soffrona and Her Cat Muff
Medical Inquiries and Observations, Vol. 2: The Second Edition, Revised and Enlarged by the Author
A Sermon Preached at Kensington Church, on June the 29th, 1794: After the Victory Gained at Sea, June the 1st
A Letter to the Rev. C. N. Wodehouse, Canon of Norwich; occasioned by: his late pamphlet, entitled "Subscription the Disgrace of the English; Church"
Remarks on the Present System of Road Making: With Observations, Deduced from Practice and Experience, With a View to a Revision of the Existing Laws, and the Introduction of Improvement in the Method of Making, Repairing, and Preserving Roads, and Defending the Road Funds from Misapplication. Seventh Edition, Carefully Revised, With an Appendix, and Report from the Select Committee of the House of Commons, June 1823, with Extracts from the Evidence
Arthur
Address to the Inhabitants of Rugby about the Cholera Morbus
She and he; Lavinia; Memoir
Feudal tyrants; or, The Counts of Carlsheim and Sargans, volume 3 (of 4)
The little cap : $b Or, The lost heir of Sternfelden
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 12
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 14
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 16
Finger Posts on the Way of Life
The Iron Rule; Or, Tyranny in the Household
State of the Union Addresses
Eugene Aram — Volume 01
"My Novel" — Volume 11
The Parisians — Volume 02
The Clockmaker; Or, the Sayings and Doings of Samuel Slick, of Slickville
The Lily's Quest (From "Twice Told Tales")
A Book of Autographs
Anna St. Ives
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Book II.
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 03
Vignettes in Verse
An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Taste, and of the Origin of our Ideas of Beauty, etc.
Narrative of Services in the Liberation of Chili, Peru and Brazil,: from Spanish and Portuguese Domination, Volume 2
Critical Strictures on the New Tragedy of Elvira, Written by Mr. David Malloch
The rocky island, and other similitudes
Celebration in Baltimore of the Triumph of Liberty in France
A Poetical Review of the Literary and Moral Character of the late Samuel Johnson (1786)
Opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States, at January Term, 1832, Delivered by Mr. Chief Justice Marshall in the Case of Samuel A. Worcester, Plaintiff in Error, versus the State of Georgia: With a Statement of the Case, Extracted from the Records of the Supreme Court of the United States
The Nephews: A Play, in Five Acts.
Discussion on American Slavery
Horse-Shoe Robinson: A Tale of the Tory Ascendency
The Silent Rifleman! A tale of the Texan prairies
The Year Nine: A Tale of the Tyrol
Memoirs of Eighty Years
A Religious Tract, Recommending a Christian's Duty, Most Respectfully, to the Parishioners of Orton on the Hill & Twycross, in the County of Leicester.
The Cholera: the claims of the poor upon the rich
Memorabilia; Or Recollections, Historical, Biographical, and Antiquarian
The book of Saint Nicholas
The doctor, &c., vol. 6 (of 7)
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 04
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 07
Lizzy Glenn; Or, The Trials of a Seamstress
Wacousta : a tale of the Pontiac conspiracy — Volume 1
The Physiology of Marriage, Part 1
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 06
Paul Clifford — Volume 02
Religious Poems, Part 1.: Part 5 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Adventures of Hugh Trevor
Essays Æsthetical
Raphael; Or, Pages of the Book of Life at Twenty
The King's Wake, and Other Ballads
Letters on the Cholera Morbus.: Containing ample evidence that this disease, under whatever; name known, cannot be transmitted from the persons of those; labouring under it to other individuals, by contact—through; the medium of inanimate substances—or through the medium; of the atmosphere; and that all restrictions, by cordons; and quarantine regulations, are, as far as regards this; disease, not merely useless, but highly injurious to the; community.
St. Patrick's Eve
The Rival Crusoes; Or, The Ship Wreck: Also A Voyage to Norway; and The Fisherman's Cottage.
Charles' Journey to France, and Other Tales
Aunt Kitty's Tales
A History of Deerpark in Orange County, N. Y.
Instructions for Officers and Non-Commissioned Officers of Cavalry, on Outpost Duty
Observation on the Use and Abuse of Mercury, and on the Precautions Necessary in Its Employment
Horæ Nauseæ
Observations on Abortion: Containing an account of the manner in which it is accomplished, the causes which produced it, and the method of preventing or treating it
Historical record of the Eighty-Sixth, or the Royal County Down Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1793, and of its subsequent services to 1842.
Don Sebastian : $b or, The house of the Braganza: An historical romance. vol. 2
John de Lancaster: a novel; vol. I.
The Naiad: A ghost story
The virgin of the sun : $b A play, in five acts
Devereux — Volume 06
The Disowned — Volume 01
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 07
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 07
"My Novel" — Volume 09
The Last of the Barons — Volume 01
The Last of the Barons — Volume 03
The Last of the Barons — Volume 12
A Select Party
The Tent on the Beach, and other poems: Part 4 from Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 07
The Angels' Song
The London Visitor
The Infidel; or, the Fall of Mexico. Vol. I.
Fanny, with Other Poems
The Widow's Vow: A Farce, in Two Acts
The Spawn of Ixion; Or, The 'Biter Bit.' An Allegory
A Letter to Thomas F. Bayard
The Student-Life of Germany
Memoir of Mary L. Ware, Wife of Henry Ware, Jr.
Lady Eureka; or, The Mystery: A Prophecy of the Future. Volume 3
An Estimate of the True Value of Vaccination as a Security Against Small Pox
Treatment of the diseases of the eye, by means of prussic acid vapour, and other medicinal agents
Blue-Stocking Hall, (Vol. 3 of 3)
Observations on the Sermons of Elias Hicks: In Several Letters to Him; With Some Introductory Remarks, Addressed to the Junior Members of the Society of Friends.
The Military Sketch-Book. Vol. 1 (of 2): Reminiscences of seventeen years in the service abroad and at home
The Use and Abuse of Church Bells; With Practical Suggestions Concerning Them
Observations on the Oleum Jecoris Aselli, or Cod-liver Oil: Its nature, properties, mode of preparation, &c.
A Sermon preached at St. George's Church, Bolton, on Sunday, 7th January, 1838: occasioned by the death of the Rev. William Thistlewaite
Hints on the History and Management of the Honey Bee: Being the Substance of Two Lectures Read Before the Members of the Hereford Literary, Philosophical, and Antiquarian Institution, in the Winter of 1850-51
A dramatization of Longfellow's Hiawatha: A spectacular drama in six acts
"How Can I Help to Abolish Slavery?" or, Counsels to the Newly Converted
John de Lancaster: a novel; vol. II.
Woodburn Grange: A story of English country life; vol. 3 of 3
Songs of the Slav : $b Translations from the Czecho-Slovak
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 08
An Attic Philosopher in Paris — Volume 3
John Lothrop Motley. a memoir — Volume 1
John Lothrop Motley. a memoir — Volume 2
Wacousta : a tale of the Pontiac conspiracy — Volume 3
The Thirty Years War — Volume 02
The Little Savage
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 03: Medical Poems
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 06
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 12
The Parisians — Volume 09
The Banks of Wye: A Poem
Rural Tales, Ballads, and Songs
At Sundown, and other poems: Part 5 from Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Stepmother, A Drama in Five Acts
The Religion of Politics: A Sermon Delivered Before His Excellency John Davis, Governor, His Honor George Hull, Lieutenant Governor, The Honorable Council, And The Legislature Of Massachusetts, At The Annual Election, January 5, 1842.
Dissertation on Slavery: With a Proposal for the Gradual Abolition of it, in the State of Virginia
Observations on the Present State of the Affairs of the River Plate
Bungay Castle: A Novel. v. 1/2
Such Things Are: A Play, in Five Acts
Mary Seaham: A Novel. Volume 3 of 3
Blue-Stocking Hall, (Vol. 1 of 3)
Reminiscences of Glass-making
The Pastor's Fire-side Vol. 2 (of 4)
Slaveholding Weighed in the Balance of Truth, and Its Comparative Guilt Illustrated
Letters to Children
Ireton, a Poem
Historical Record of the Seventy-first Regiment, Highland Light Infantry: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1777, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1852
The Day of Small Things
Paula Monti; or, The Hôtel Lambert
The triumphs of perseverance and enterprise, recorded as examples for the young
Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte — Volume 11
An Attic Philosopher in Paris — Volume 1
State of the Union Addresses
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Book III
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Book IV
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 08: Bunker Hill and Other Poems
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 10: Before the Curfew
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 02
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 10
"My Novel" — Volume 04
The Last of the Barons — Volume 06
The Last of the Barons — Volume 09
The Eskdale Herd-boy: A Scottish Tale for the Instruction and Amusement of Young People
Chippings with a Chisel (From "Twice Told Tales")
Poems in Wartime: Part 4 From Volume III of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Margaret Smith's Journal: Part 1 from Volume V of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Personal Sketches and Tributes: Part 2 from Volume VI of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Eulogies of Howard: A Vision
Count the Cost: An Address to the People of Connecticut, On Sundry Political Subjects, and Particularly on the Proposition for a New Constitution
The Youth's Coronal
A Guide for the Religious Instruction of Jewish Youth
Poems
The Author's Printing and Publishing Assistant: Comprising Explanations of the Process of Printing; Preparation and Calculation of Manuscripts; Choice of Paper, Type, Binding, Illustrations, Publishing, Advertising, &c.; with an Exemplification and Description of the Typographical Marks Used in the Correction of the Press
Memorials of the Sea: My Father: Being Records of the Adventurous Life of the Late William Scoresby, Esq. of Whitby
A Letter to the Right Hon. Lord Bexley: containing a statement to the committee of the British and Foreign Bible Society, as to the relations of that institution, with France, the valleys of Piedmont, Switzerland and Germany
Extracts from the Diary and Correspondence of the Late Amos Lawrence; with a brief account of some incidents of his life
Foot-prints of a letter carrier; or, a history of the world's correspondece
Four Introductory Lectures on Political Economy
The different modes of cultivating the pine-apple: From its first introduction into Europe to the late improvements of T.A. Knight, esq.
Summer Cruise in the Mediterranean on board an American frigate
Meditations and Moral Sketches
Sketches
Elements of agricultural chemistry and geology
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of Oliver W. Holmes, Sr.
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 10
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of Abraham Lincoln
Cinq Mars — Volume 1
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 07: Songs of Many Seasons
Eugene Aram — Volume 02
Devereux — Volume 02
The Last of the Barons — Volume 02
The Last of the Barons — Volume 04
Falkland, Book 2.
Personal Recollections: Abridged, Chiefly in Parts Pertaining to Political and Other Controversies Prevalent at the Time in Great Britain
May Day with the Muses
Mountain Pictures, and other poems: Part 2 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
The Inner Life: Part 3 from The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VII
The Lay of Marie and Vignettes in Verse
String Quartet No. 14 in C-sharp minor Opus 131
Chambers's Edinburgh Journal, No. 431: Volume 17, New Series, April 3, 1852
The Pacha of Many Tales
An Heroic Epistle to the Right Honourable the Lord Craven (3rd Ed.)
Hints on extemporaneous preaching
Chenodia: Or, the Classical Mother Goose
The Broken Font: A Story of the Civil War, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Boarding School; Lessons of a Preceptress to Her Pupils: Consisting of Information, Instruction and Advice, Calculated to Improve the Manners and Form the Character of Young Ladies. To Which Is Added, a Collection of Letters, Written by the Pupils to Their Instructress, Their Friends, and Each Other.
Historical Record of the Twelfth, or the Prince of Wales's Royal Regiment of Lancers: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1715, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1848.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Cruikshank
Powhatan; A Metrical Romance, in Seven Cantos
Suggestions for the Prevention of Juvenile Depravity
A dissuasion to Great-Britain and the colonies, from the slave trade to Africa
Lady Maclairn, the victim of villany : $b A novel, volume 3 (of 4)
Cinq Mars — Volume 6
The Home Mission
Sketches by Seymour — Volume 04
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands — Volume 03
Zicci: A Tale — Volume 01
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 03
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 07
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 09
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 04
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 09
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 03
Lucretia — Volume 06
A Strange Story — Volume 02
The Parisians — Volume 04
The Parisians — Volume 11
Godolphin, Volume 2.
American Historical and Literary Curiosities, Part 16.: Second Series
Personal Poems II: Part 2 from Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Night and Morning, Volume 5
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Book V.
Zophiel : $b A poem
The Legendary and Poetical Remains of John Roby: author of 'Traditions of Lancashire', with a sketch of his literary life and character
Lady Eureka; or, The Mystery: A Prophecy of the Future. Volume 2
Short Reasons for Communion with the Church of England: Or, The Churchman's answer to the question, "Why are you a Member of the Established Church?"
Historical Record of the First, or the Royal Regiment of Dragoons: Containing an Account of Its Formation in the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1839
Medical Sketches of the Expedition to Egypt, from India
A Second Letter to the Bishop of Exeter
Pogonologia; Or, A Philosophical and Historical Essay on Beards
Excursions to Cairo, Jerusalem, Damascus, and Balbec From the United States Ship Delaware, During Her Recent Cruise: With an Attempt to Discriminate Between Truth and Error in Regard to the Sacred Places of the Holy City
A Comparative View of the Mortality of the Human Species, at All Ages: And of the Diseases and Casualties by Which They Are Destroyed or Annoyed. Illustrated With Charts and Tables
The Divided Sabbath: remarks concerning the Crystal Palace now erecting at Sydenham
The Child's Pictorial History of England: From the Earliest Period to the Present Time
A memoir of Miss Hannah Adams
The life of the departed : $b A sermon occasioned by the death of the Rev. Joseph Crandal, of Salsbury, preached in the Baptist chapel, Germain Street, city of St. John
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 07
State of the Union Addresses
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Book II
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 15
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 08
Falkland, Book 1.
Snow Flakes (From "Twice Told Tales")
Edward Fane's Rosebud (From "Twice Told Tales")
Night and Morning, Volume 2
The Pearl Story Book: A Collection of Tales, Original and Selected
A Letter to the Right Honorable the Lord Chancellor, on the Nature and Interpretation of Unsoundness of Mind, and Imbecility of Intellect
The Dalby Bear, and Other Ballads
The Adventures and Vagaries of Twm Shôn Catti: Descriptive of Life in Wales: Interspersed with Poems
A Sermon, Delivered Before His Excellency Edward Everett, Governor, His Honor George Hull, Lieutenant Governor, the Honorable Council, and the Legislature of Massachusetts, on the Anniversary Election, January 2, 1839
Rank and Talent; A Novel, Vol. 1 (of 3)
One Touch of Nature: A Petite Drama, in One Act
The Curse of Kehama, Volume 2 (of 2)
Histoire du chien de Brisquet / The Story of Brisquet's Dog
Memoirs of John Abernethy: With a View of His Lectures, His Writings, and Character; with Additional Extracts from Original Documents, Now First Published
Historical Record of the Seventy-Third Regiment: Containing an account of the formation of the Regiment from the period of its being raised as the Second Battalion of the Forty-Second Royal Highlanders in 1780 and of its subsequent services to 1851
John Tincroft, bachelor and benedict : $b or, Without intending it
Cinq Mars — Volume 5
A History of the Early Part of the Reign of James the Second
The Physiology of Marriage, Part 3
Petty Troubles of Married Life, First Part
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands — Volume 04
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 10
Devereux — Volume 05
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 04
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 10
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 04
Lucretia — Volume 04
A Strange Story — Volume 06
The Sister Years (From "Twice Told Tales")
The Frost Spirit, and other poems: Part 1 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Old Portraits and Modern Sketches: Part 1 from Volume VI of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Leila or, the Siege of Granada, Book IV.
The Spirit Proper to the Times: A Sermon preached in King's Chapel, Boston, Sunday, May 12, 1861
A Manual or an Easy Method of Managing Bees
Historical Record of the Sixth, or Royal First Warwickshire Regiment of Foot: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in the Year 1674, and of Its Subsequent Services to 1838
Why Colored People in Philadelphia Are Excluded from the Street Cars
A Sermon: Thou shalt not commit Adultery
Stories from Switzerland
A Letter to the Parishioners of Fulham
Observations on the Operation and Use of Mercury in the Venereal Disease
The doctor, &c., vol. 4 (of 7)
Trial of Jane Leigh Perrot, at Taunton Assizes, on Saturday the 29th day of March, 1800; charged with stealing a card of lace, in the shop of Elizabeth Gregory, haberdasher & milliner, of the city of Bath
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon — Volume 02
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Book I
Mysteries of Paris — Volume 03
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 05
Ernest Maltravers — Volume 01
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 05
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 12
"My Novel" — Volume 12
The Parisians — Volume 03
The Bridal of Pennacook: Part 2 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Barclay of Ury, and other poems: Part 3 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Historical Papers: Part 3 from Volume VI of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 06
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 09
Address delivered by Hon. Henry H. Crapo, Governor of Michigan, before the Central Michigan Agricultural Society, at their Sheep-shearing Exhibition held at the Agricultural College Farm, on Thursday, May 24th, 1866
A Season at Harrogate: In a Series of Poetical Epistles, from Benjamin Blunderhead, Esquire, to His Mother, in Derbyshire. With Useful and Copious Notes, Descriptive of the Objects Most Worthy of Attention in the Vicinity of Harrogate
The Mother's Dream, and Other Poems
Interesting Incidents Connected With the Life of George Bickers: Originally a Farmer's Parish Apprentice at Laxfield, in Suffolk, but Now Residing in Oulton
Letter to the Friends and Subscribers of the Church Pastoral-Aid Society: occasioned by a letter from the Rev. Dr. Molesworth
An Attempt to Investigate the Seat of Animal Life
A Marriage in High Life, Volume II
The doctor, &c., vol. 3 (of 7)
Mysteries of Paris — Volume 02
Devereux — Volume 04
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 11
"My Novel" — Volume 03
The Intelligence Office (From "Mosses from an Old Manse")
Criticism: Part 4 from The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VII
The Three Cutters
Cattle and Cattle-breeders
The Songs of Ranild
Stories About Indians
The Englishman from Paris
Memoir of Queen Adelaide, Consort of King William IV.
Manners: A Novel, Vol 2
The Oregon Question
Natural History of Enthusiasm
Twenty-four Discourses: On Some of the Important and Interesting Truths, Duties, and Institutions, of the Gospel, and the General Excellency of the Christian Religion; Calculated for the People of God of Every Communion, Particularly for the Benefit of Pious Families, and the Instruction of All in the Things Which Concern Their Salvation
Observations on antimony: Read before the Medical Society of London, and published at their request
Historical Record of the Nineteenth, or the First Yorkshire North Riding Regiment of Foot: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1688, and of its subsequent services to 1848
What Cheer; Or, Roger Williams in Banishment: A Poem
John de Lancaster: a novel; vol. III.
Riches have wings; or, A tale for the rich and poor
Don Sebastian : $b or, The house of the Braganza: An historical romance. vol. 3
The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes — Volume 09: The Iron Gate and Other Poems
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 11
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 17
Dr. Bullivant: (From: "The Doliver Romance and Other Pieces: Tales and Sketches")
Night and Morning, Volume 4
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 01
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 11
A Description of Modern Birmingham: Whereunto Are Annexed Observations Made during an Excursion Round the Town, in the Summer of 1818, Including Warwick and Leamington
Dissertations on Inflammation, Vol. 2
Don Sebastian : $b or, The house of the Braganza: An historical romance. vol. 1
The Confessions of Harry Lorrequer — Volume 5
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 04
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 08
A Strange Story — Volume 01
A Strange Story — Volume 07
"My Novel" — Volume 10
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 05
A Lecture on the Preservation of Health
A Letter to the Bishop of Exeter
What will they say at Brompton? A Comedetta, in One Act.
Washington the Model of Character for American Youth: An Address Delivered to the Boys of the Public Schools
Terrible Tractoration, and Other Poems
A Marriage in High Life, Volume I
Rising in the world : $b A tale for the rich and poor
Don Sebastian : $b or, The house of the Braganza: An historical romance. vol. 4
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 02
Eugene Aram — Volume 03
Devereux — Volume 01
The Disowned — Volume 07
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 02
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 02
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 05
A Strange Story — Volume 03
"My Novel" — Volume 08
Personal Poems I: Part 1 from Volume IV of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 04
The Calvinistic Doctrine of Predestination Examined and Refuted
Sphinx Vespiformis: An Essay
The Court of Chancery: a satirical poem.
Woodburn Grange: A story of English country life; vol. 2 of 3
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 14
Kenelm Chillingly — Volume 03
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 01
What Will He Do with It? — Volume 03
"My Novel" — Volume 07
Reform and Politics: Part 2 from The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier, Volume VII
String Quartet No. 16 in F major Opus 135
A Discourse for the Time, delivered January 4, 1852 in the First Congregational Unitarian Church
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 07
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 16
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 07
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 08
The Last of the Barons — Volume 10
Among the Hills, and other poems: Part 5 From Volume I of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Reminiscent Poems: Part 3 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Snow Bound, and other poems: Part 4 From Volume II of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
My Summer with Dr. Singletary: Part 2 from Volume V of The Works of John Greenleaf Whittier
Historical Record of the Seventy-Second Regiment, or the Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders: Containing an account of the formation of the regiment in 1778,  and of its subsequent services to 1848
A concise account of the principal works in stained glass that have been executed by Thomas Willement of London, Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
Cinq Mars — Volume 2
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 02
Harold : the Last of the Saxon Kings — Volume 09
Alice, or the Mysteries — Book 02
The Marquis of Létorière
Cinq Mars — Volume 3
Gerfaut — Volume 2
Athens: Its Rise and Fall, Book V
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 03
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 09
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 12
"My Novel" — Volume 02
Paul Clifford — Volume 05
Personal sketches of his own times, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Drake; or, the Transfer of the Trident: A National Drama
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 13
A Strange Story — Volume 08
"My Novel" — Volume 06
Paul Clifford — Volume 06
Falkland, Book 3.
Night and Morning, Volume 3
Two Addresses: One, to the Gentlemen of Whitby, Who Signed the Requisition, Calling a Meeting to Address the Queen, on the Late (So Called) Aggression of the Pope: and the Other, to the Protestant Clergy
Historical Record of the Tenth, or the North Lincolnshire, Regiment of Foot,: Containing an Account of the Formation of the Regiment in 1685, and of its Subsequent Services to 1847
The Thirty Years War — Volume 01
The Caxtons: A Family Picture — Volume 01
A Strange Story — Volume 04
Gerfaut — Volume 3
The Last of the Barons — Volume 08
The Present Method of Inoculating for the Small-Pox: To which are added, some experiments, instituted with a view to discover the effects of a similar treatment in the natural small-pox
Eugene Aram — Volume 04
Lady Maclairn, the victim of villany : $b A novel, volume 2 (of 4)
Eugene Aram — Volume 05
An ode : $b pronounced before the inhabitants of Boston, September the seventeenth, 1830, at the centennial celebration of the settlement of the city
The Man of Uz, and Other Poems
A Short Treatise on the Section of the Prostate Gland in Lithotomy: With an Explanation of a Safe and Easy Method of Conducting the Operation on the Principles of Cheselden
Gerfaut — Volume 4
Moby Dick; Or, The Whale
Middlemarch
My Life — Volume 1
Cranford
A Tale of Two Cities
A Christmas Carol
Great Expectations
Jane Eyre: An Autobiography
Wuthering Heights
The art of money getting : $b or, golden rules for making money
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave
Walden, and On The Duty Of Civil Disobedience
A Christmas Carol in Prose; Being a Ghost Story of Christmas
Carmilla
Oliver Twist
David Copperfield
Uncle Tom's Cabin
The Communist Manifesto
Leaves of Grass
Bleak House
Hard Times
Vanity Fair
The Pickwick Papers
Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl, Written by Herself
Shirley
Ancient Monuments of the Mississippi Valley: Smithsonian Contributions to Knowledge, Vol. I.
North and South
On the Duty of Civil Disobedience
Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds
Bartleby, the Scrivener: A Story of Wall-Street
Our Mutual Friend
Moby-Dick; or, The Whale
The Mill on the Floss
The Liberty Minstrel
Silas Marner
Beautiful shells : $b Their nature, structure, and uses familiarly explained; with directions for collecting, cleaning, and arranging them in the cabinet; descriptions of the most remarkable species, and of the creatures which inhabit them; and explanations of the meanings of their scientific names, and of the terms used in conchology
Pictorial history of the war for the Union, volume 2 (of 2) : $b A complete and reliable history of the war from its commencement to its close ... together with a complete chronological analysis of the war
The Comic English Grammar: A New and Facetious Introduction to the English Tongue
Little Dorrit
The World's Sixteen Crucified Saviors; Or, Christianity Before Christ
Moby Dick; Or, The Whale
Barchester Towers
Jane Eyre
Villette
American Notes
Nicholas Nickleby
A Christmas Carol
Barnaby Rudge: A Tale of the Riots of 'Eighty
The Old Curiosity Shop
Westward empire : $b or, the great drama of human progress
Complete Prose Works: Specimen Days and Collect, November Boughs and Goodbye My Fancy
Martin Chuzzlewit
Dombey and Son
Leaves of Grass
Typee
The history of magic : $b including a clear and precise exposition of its procedure, its rites and its mysteries
Walking
My Bondage and My Freedom
Villette
Scotland under her early kings, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b a history of the kingdom to the close of the thirteenth century
Nonsense Books
Varney the Vampire; Or, the Feast of Blood
The Confidence-Man: His Masquerade
The Mystery of Edwin Drood
Daniel Deronda
The Magic Fishbone: A Holiday Romance from the Pen of Miss Alice Rainbird, Aged 7
Adam Bede
The Heroes; Or, Greek Fairy Tales for My Children
Sea-Weeds, Shells and Fossils
Self Help; with Illustrations of Conduct and Perseverance
Mary Barton
Josh Billings, Hiz Sayings
Seven Wives and Seven Prisons: Or, Experiences in the Life of a Matrimonial Monomaniac
The Seven Lamps of Architecture
The Book of Nonsense
The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte
Two Years Before the Mast
East of the Sun and West of the Moon: Old Tales from the North
Selections from the Writings of Kierkegaard
McGuffey's Eclectic Spelling Book
Fathers and Sons
Farm drainage: The Principles, Processes, and Effects of Draining Land with Stones, Wood, Plows, and Open Ditches, and Especially with Tiles
London Labour and the London Poor, Vol. 1
Manifesto of the Communist Party
The Letters of Queen Victoria : A Selection from Her Majesty's Correspondence between the Years 1837 and 1861. Volume 1, 1837-1843
Pictures from Italy
Maria Mitchell: Life, Letters, and Journals
Oliver Twist, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Essays of "George Eliot": Complete
The Professor
The Piazza Tales
The Stones of Venice, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Way We Live Now
Barry Lyndon
Pierre; or The Ambiguities
The Jumblies, and Other Nonsense Verses
The Elements of Drawing, in Three Letters to Beginners
One of Cleopatra's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances
Official Report of the Niger Valley Exploring Party
Oliver Twist, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Walden
Three Ghost Stories
Sketches by Boz, Illustrative of Every-Day Life and Every-Day People
A Hero of Our Time
The Uncommercial Traveller
The Noble and Gentle Men of England: or, notes touching the arms and descents of the ancient knightly and gentle houses of England, arranged in their respective counties.
Cape Cod
The Torrents of Spring
A Christmas Carol: The original manuscript
An Autobiography of Anthony Trollope
The Lifted Veil
Men and Women
The Warden
Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa
First love, and other stories
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Vol. 2 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
Carmilla
The Owl and the Pussycat
Barchester Towers
Woman in the Nineteenth Century: and Kindred Papers Relating to the Sphere, Condition and Duties, of Woman.
The Missing Ship: The Log of the "Ouzel" Galley
The Land of Fire: A Tale of Adventure
The Stones of Venice, Volume 2 (of 3),
The Cricket on the Hearth: A Fairy Tale of Home
A Child's History of England
Virgin Soil
Abraham Lincoln: The True Story of a Great Life, Volume 2 (of 2)
Wives and Daughters
Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell
Oliver Twist; or, The Parish Boy's Progress. Illustrated
Behind the Scenes; or, Thirty years a slave, and Four Years in the White House
The Maine Woods: The Writings of Henry David Thoreau, Volume 03 (of 20)
The Headless Horseman: A Strange Tale of Texas
A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy
Sesame and Lilies
The Oxonian in Thelemarken, volume 2 (of 2): or, Notes of travel in south-western Norway in the summers of 1856 and 1857. With glances at the legendary lore of that district.
English Coins and Tokens, with a Chapter on Greek and Roman Coins
No Thoroughfare
Romola
Character Sketches of Romance, Fiction and the Drama, Vol. 3: A Revised American Edition of the Reader's Handbook
The American Printer: A Manual of Typography: Containing practical directions for managing all departments of a printing office, as well as complete instructions for apprentices; with several useful tables, numerous schemes for imposing forms in every variety, hints to authors, etc.
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain
Oblomov
The Romance of a Mummy and Egypt: The Works of Theophile Gautier, Volume 5
Typee: A Romance of the South Seas
Browning's Shorter Poems
Some Christmas Stories
A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers
The Condition, Elevation, Emigration, and Destiny of the Colored People of the United States
The Pied Piper of Hamelin
The Storm-Cloud of the Nineteenth Century: Two Lectures delivered at the London Institution, February 4th and 11th, 1884
Life of Chopin
Poems by Walt Whitman
The Biglow Papers
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, v. 2 (of 2)
Drum-Taps
Modern Painters, Volume 1 (of 5)
The Civilisation of the Renaissance in Italy
Coffee and chicory : $b Their culture, chemical composition, preparation for market, and consumption, with simple tests for detecting adulteration, and practical hints for the producer and consumer
Felix Holt, the Radical
Man and His Migrations
The Comic History of Rome
The Ethics of the Dust
Polish Fairy Tales
The Elements of Botany, For Beginners and For Schools
Popular Amusements
Dramatic Romances
The Flying Dutchman (Der Fliegende Hollaender): Romantic Opera in Three Acts
Palæography: Notes upon the History of Writing and the Medieval Art of Illumination
The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World: from Marathon to Waterloo
Josh Billings' Farmer's Allminax, 1870-1879
High Life in New York: A series of letters to Mr. Zephariah Slick, Justice of the Peace, and Deacon of the church over to Weathersfield in the state of Connecticut
Character
Can You Forgive Her?
The Life of Charles Dickens, Vol. I-III, Complete
Cruel as the grave
Westward Ho! Or, The Voyages and Adventures of Sir Amyas Leigh, Knight, of Burrough, in the County of Devon, in the Reign of Her Most Glorious Majesty Queen Elizabeth
The King of the Golden River
Ancient Egypt
The American Senator
The String of Pearls; Or, The Barber of Fleet Street. A Domestic Romance.
A Book of Nonsense
The Small House at Allington
The Chinese Classics — Volume 1: Confucian Analects
White Jacket; Or, The World on a Man-of-War
Burlesques
Our American Cousin
The Younger Sister: A Novel, Volumes 1-3
Silas Marner
Scenes of Clerical Life
Half a Life-Time Ago
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charles Dickens
To Be Read at Dusk
Unto This Last, and Other Essays on Political Economy
The Chimes: A Goblin Story of Some Bells That Rang an Old Year out and a New Year In
The Pirates of the Prairies: Adventures in the American Desert
London Labour and the London Poor, Vol. 3
The Warden
A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin: Presenting the original facts and documents upon which the story is founded. Together with corroborative statements verifying the truth of the work.
Henry Esmond; The English Humourists; The Four Georges
My First Picture Book: With Thirty-six Pages of Pictures Printed in Colours by Kronheim
Lands of the Slave and the Free; Or, Cuba, the United States, and Canada
Clarimonde
George Eliot's Life, as Related in Her Letters and Journals. Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Pearl of Orr's Island: A Story of the Coast of Maine
Mugby Junction
Pottery and Porcelain, from early times down to the Philadelphia exhibition of 1876
Charles Baudelaire, His Life
The Handbook to English Heraldry
Wagner, the Wehr-Wolf
Ran Away to Sea
History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science
The History of Rome (Volumes 1-5)
The Last Chronicle of Barset
Love Me Little, Love Me Long
Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War
Israel Potter: His Fifty Years of Exile
The Vision of Sir Launfal: And Other Poems by James Russell Lowell; Edited with an Introduction and Notes by Julian W. Abernethy, Ph.D.
Enquire Within Upon Everything: The Great Victorian Domestic Standby
Fathers and Children
A Child's Dream of a Star
Hunted Down: The Detective Stories of Charles Dickens
The blue book of chess : $b teaching the rudiments of the game, and giving an analysis of all the recognized openings
Redburn. His First Voyage: Being the Sailor Boy Confessions and Reminiscences of the Son-Of-A-Gentleman in the Merchant Navy
Dream Tales and Prose Poems
The Newcomes: Memoirs of a Most Respectable Family
The Water-Babies
The Bible of Bibles; Or, Twenty-Seven "Divine" Revelations
The Prairie Traveler: A Hand-book for Overland Expeditions
Life of Harriet Beecher Stowe: Compiled From Her Letters and Journals by Her Son Charles Edward Stowe
Walker's Appeal, with a Brief Sketch of His Life: And Also Garnet's Address to the Slaves of the United States of America
The Complete Poetic and Dramatic Works of Robert Browning: Cambridge Edition
J. S. Le Fanu's Ghostly Tales, Volume 1
Opuscula: Essays chiefly Philological and Ethnographical
The Principles of Secularism
In the Arctic Seas: A Narrative of the Discovery of the Fate of Sir John Franklin and his Companions
The Book of Snobs
Ten Great Religions: An Essay in Comparative Theology
The Humbugs of the World: An Account of Humbugs, Delusions, Impositions, Quackeries, Deceits and Deceivers Generally, in All Ages
The Grey Woman and other Tales
The Two Paths
A Winter Tour in South Africa
The Poetry of Architecture: Or, the Architecture of the Nations of Europe Considered in its Association with Natural Scenery and National Character
The History of Prostitution: Its Extent, Causes, and Effects throughout the World
Hypatia — or New Foes with an Old Face
I and My Chimney
The Virginians
Indian Tribes of the Upper Missouri: Edited with Notes and Biographical Sketch
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 2: Assyria: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
Spare Hours
Lectures on Architecture and Painting, Delivered at Edinburgh in November 1853
Omoo: Adventures in the South Seas
Ruth
Faust: A Lyric Drama in Five Acts
History of Phoenicia
A Yacht Voyage Round England
Charles Dickens' Children Stories
Folly as It Flies; Hit at by Fanny Fern
The Precipice
Somebody's Luggage
The Cock and Anchor
The Comic History of England
'Three Score Years and Ten': Life-Long Memories of Fort Snelling, Minnesota, and Other; Parts of the West
Modern Painters, Volume 3 (of 5)
Doctor Thorne
The Water-Babies
A Treatise on Meteorological Instruments: Explanatory of Their Scientific Principles, Method of Construction, and Practical Utility
Homer: The Iliad; The Odyssey
The Rose and the Ring
Phineas Redux
Siegfried & The Twilight of the Gods: The Ring of the Niblung, part 2
Langstroth on the Hive and the Honey-Bee: A Bee Keeper's Manual
Roundabout Papers
God and the State
Journal 01, 1837-1846: The Writings of Henry David Thoreau, Volume 07 (of 20)
A Handbook of the English Language
The Rhinegold & The Valkyrie: The Ring of the Niblung, part 1
A Terrible Temptation: A Story of To-Day
The Reign of Henry the Eighth, Volume 1 (of 3)
A Christmas Carol
History of the Jews, Vol. 2 (of 6)
Charlemagne
The Life of Charlotte Brontë — Volume 1
The Life of George Stephenson and of his Son Robert Stephenson: Comprising Also a History of the Invention and Introduction of the Railway Locomotive
Palmer's Journal of Travels Over the Rocky Mountains, 1845-1846
Household Papers and Stories
My Wife and I; Or, Harry Henderson's History
The Complete Works of Josh Billings
Life of Mozart, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Poems of Nature
East Lynne
The Crown of Wild Olive: also Munera Pulveris; Pre-Raphaelitism; Aratra Pentelici; The Ethics of the Dust; Fiction, Fair and Foul; The Elements of Drawing
In the Wilds of Florida: A Tale of Warfare and Hunting
The Letters of Queen Victoria : A Selection from her Majesty's correspondence between the years 1837 and 1861. Volume 2, 1844-1853
Tried for Her Life: A Sequel to "Cruel As the Grave"
The History of the Knights Templars, the Temple Church, and the Temple
Familiar Letters: The Writings of Henry David Thoreau, Volume 06 (of 20)
Prehistoric man : $b researches into the origin of civilisation in the Old and the New world
The Trapper's Daughter: A Story of the Rocky Mountains
Speeches: Literary and Social
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 01: The Old Pagan Civilizations
Alphabetical Vocabularies of the Clallum and Lummi
Curious, if True: Strange Tales
Uncle Silas: A Tale of Bartram-Haugh
A Dictionary of English Synonymes and Synonymous or Parallel Expressions: Designed as a Practical Guide to Aptness and Variety of Phraseology
Pictorial history of the war for the Union, volume 1 (of 2) : $b A complete and reliable history of the war from its commencement to its close ... together with a complete chronological analysis of the war
Character Sketches of Romance, Fiction and the Drama, Vol. 1: A Revised American Edition of the Reader's Handbook
The Life of Ludwig van Beethoven, Volume I
The History and Practice of the Art of Photography
A Nobleman's Nest
Poems of James Russell Lowell: With biographical sketch by Nathan Haskell Dole
The Woman's Bible
My First Cruise, and Other stories
The Huguenots in France
The inequality of human races
The Shirley Letters from California Mines in 1851-52
On the Old Road  Vol. 1  (of 2): A Collection of Miscellaneous Essays and Articles on Art and Literature
Our Fathers Have Told Us: Part I. The Bible of Amiens
The Revival of Irish Literature: Addresses by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, K.C.M.G, Dr. George Sigerson, and Dr. Douglas Hyde
The Revision Revised: Three Articles Reprinted from the "Quarterly Review." I. The New Greek Text. II. The New English Version. III. Westcott and Hort's New Textual Theory. To Which is Added a Reply to Bishop Ellicott's Pamphlet in Defence of the Revisers and Their Greek Text of the New Testament: Including a Vindication of the Traditional Reading of 1 Timothy III. 16.
Hereward, the Last of the English
The Puddleford Papers; Or, Humors of the West
Stories about Animals: with Pictures to Match
British Birds in Their Haunts
Selections From the Works of John Ruskin
Indians of the Yosemite valley and vicinity: Their history, customs and traditions
The Communist Manifesto
Visits to Monasteries in the Levant
Journal in France in 1845 and 1848 with Letters from Italy in 1847: Of Things and Persons Concerning the Church and Education
Collected Articles of Frederick Douglass
Ruth Hall: A Domestic Tale of the Present Time
The Letters of Charles Dickens. Vol. 1, 1833-1856
Canoeing in the wilderness
The Pictorial Field-Book of the Revolution, Vol. 2 (of 2): or, Illustrations, by Pen And Pencil, of the History, Biography, Scenery, Relics, and Traditions of the War for Independence
The Vision of Sir Launfal: And Other Poems by James Russell Lowell; With a Biographical Sketch and Notes, a Portrait and Other Illustrations
On the eve: A novel
The Complete Prose Works of Martin Farquhar Tupper
Off to Sea: The Adventures of Jovial Jack Junker on his Road to Fame
The Pictorial Field-Book of the Revolution, Vol. 1 (of 2): or, Illustrations, by Pen And Pencil, of the History, Biography, Scenery, Relics, and Traditions of the War for Independence
Spiritual vampirism: The history of Etherial Softdown, and her friends of the "New Light"
Life and times of Frederick Douglass : $b His early life as a slave, his escape from bondage, and his complete history
Master Humphrey's Clock
The Last Journals of David Livingstone, in Central Africa, from 1865 to His Death, Volume I (of 2), 1866-1868
God and the State
The Prime Minister
Moby Dick; Or, The Whale
The Patriotic Poems of Walt Whitman
London Labour and the London Poor, Vol. 2
Sylvia's Lovers — Complete
Excursions
Little Ferns For Fanny's Little Friends
Framley Parsonage
Modern Painters, Volume 4 (of 5)
In a Glass Darkly, v. 1/3
Tristan and Isolda: Opera in Three Acts
Needlework As Art
Ginger-Snaps
Meteoric astronomy: A treatise on shooting-stars, fire-balls, and aerolites
Green Tea;  Mr. Justice Harbottle
The Fatal Boots
Frank Fairlegh: Scenes from the Life of a Private Pupil
The Pirate of the Mediterranean: A Tale of the Sea
Glances at Europe: In a Series of Letters from Great Britain, France, Italy, Switzerland, &c. During the Summer of 1851.
London Labour and the London Poor, Vol. 4
The Chinese Classics: with a translation, critical and exegetical notes, prolegomena and copious indexes: (Shih ching. English) — Volume 1
A History of Caricature and Grotesque in Literature and Art
A Christmas Carol
The Humors of Falconbridge: A Collection of Humorous and Every Day Scenes
The Natural History of the Varieties of Man
Struggles and Triumphs: or, Forty Years' Recollections of P. T. Barnum
Checkmate
A Christmas Carol; Or, The Miser's Warning!: (Adapted from Charles Dickens' Celebrated Work.)
The Mummy's Foot
Servia, Youngest Member of the European Family: or, A Residence in Belgrade and Travels in the Highlands and Woodlands of the Interior, during the years 1843 and 1844.
The Indian Fairy Book: From the Original Legends
The Book of Ornamental Alphabets, Ancient and Medieval, from the Eighth Century: With Numerals, including Gothic; Church Text, Large and; Small; German Arabesque; Initials for Illumination,; Monograms, Crosses, &c.
Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions — Volume 1
The Rise of Canada, from Barbarism to Wealth and Civilisation. Volume 1
Phemie Frost's Experiences
Comets and Meteors: Their phenomena in all ages; their mutual relations; and the theory of their origin.
The Cloister and the Hearth
Phineas Finn: The Irish Member
A Smaller History of Rome: from the Earliest Times to the Establishment of the Empire
Treatise on the Diseases of Women
The twelve adventurers, and other stories
Journal 02, 1850-September 15, 1851: The Writings of Henry David Thoreau, Volume 08 (of 20)
Zetetic astronomy: Earth not a globe!: An experimental inquiry into the true figure of the earth etc.
A House to Let
The Seven Champions of Christendom
Secret Diplomatic History of The Eighteenth Century
Travels in the Steppes of the Caspian Sea, the Crimea, the Caucasus, &c.
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 2 (of 6)
Caper-Sauce: A Volume of Chit-Chat about Men, Women, and Things.
The Watcher, and other weird stories
The History of Ancient America, Anterior to the Time of Columbus: Proving the Identity of the Aborigines with the Tyrians and Israelites; and the Introduction of Christianity into the Western Hemisphere By The Apostle St. Thomas
The chest of tools
The History of Henry Esmond, Esq., a Colonel in the Service of Her Majesty Queen Anne
The Stones of Venice, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Paris Sketch Book of Mr. M. A. Titmarsh
Typee
History of the Jews, Vol. 1 (of 6)
The Daughter of an Empress
Hard Cash
At Last: A Christmas in the West Indies
The Sunny Side of Ireland: How to see it by the Great Southern and Western Railway
History of Madeley: including Ironbridge, Coalbrookdale, and Coalport
An Introduction to the Study of Robert Browning's Poetry
A History of Pendennis, Volume 1: His fortunes and misfortunes, his friends and his greatest enemy
A Plea for Captain John Brown: Read to the citizens of Concord, Massachusetts on Sunday evening, October thirtieth, eighteen fifty-nine
The History of Pendennis
A Sportsman's Sketches: Works of Ivan Turgenev, Volume I
Oliver Twist, Vol. 3 (of 3)
A Sportsman's Sketches, Volume 2: Works of Ivan Turgenev, Volume 2
Traditions, Superstitions and Folk-lore: (Chiefly Lancashire and the North of England:) Their Affinity to Others in Widely-Distributed Localities; Their Eastern Origin and Mythical Significance.
The Comic Almanack, Volume 1: An Ephemeris in Jest and Earnest, Containing Merry Tales, Humerous Poetry, Quips, and Oddities
The Romance of Natural History, Second Series
A Desperate Character and Other Stories
Lectures on Landscape: Delivered at Oxford in Lent Term, 1871
Ancient States and Empires: For Colleges and Schools
Three Years' Wanderings in the Northern Provinces of China: Including a visit to the tea, silk, and cotton countries; with an account of the agriculture and horticulture of the Chinese, new plants, etc.
A Reckless Character, and Other Stories
The Cloister and the Hearth: A Tale of the Middle Ages
Uncle Tom's Cabin, Young Folks' Edition
Pictures and Stories from Uncle Tom's Cabin
Musical Myths and Facts, Volume 1 (of 2)
The ceramic art of Great Britain from pre-historic times down to the present day, Volume 2 (of 2) : $b being a history of the ancient and modern pottery and porcelain works of the kingdom and of their productions of every class
Elements of Agricultural Chemistry
The World Before the Deluge
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 1: Chaldaea: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
The Last Journals of David Livingstone, in Central Africa, from 1865 to His Death, Volume II (of  2), 1869-1873: Continued By A Narrative Of His Last Moments And Sufferings, Obtained From His Faithful Servants Chuma And Susi
Lizzie Leigh
White Slavery in the Barbary States
The Personal History of David Copperfield
Nonsense Songs
Fern Leaves from Fanny's Port-folio. Second Series
Lectures on Art, Delivered Before the University of Oxford in Hilary Term, 1870
Indian Frontier Policy
Enamels and Cameos and other Poems
Modern Painters, Volume 5 (of 5)
Pennsylvania Dutch: A Dialect of South German With an Infusion of English
The Lazy Tour of Two Idle Apprentices
The Three Clerks
He Knew He Was Right
Elster's Folly: A Novel
Dulcibel: A Tale of Old Salem
Advice to Young Musicians. Musikalische Haus- und Lebens-Regeln
Hidden Hand
History of Ancient Pottery: Greek, Etruscan, and Roman.  Volume 1 (of 2)
Miss Ashton's New Pupil: A School Girl's Story
Tales from the Fjeld: A Second Series of Popular Tales
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 1 (of 6)
Life Without and Life Within; or, Reviews, Narratives, Essays, and Poems.
Among My Books. First Series
The Letters of Queen Victoria : A Selection from Her Majesty's Correspondence between the Years 1837 and 1861. Volume 3, 1854-1861
The Battle of Life: A Love Story
The Treasure of Pearls: A Romance of Adventures in California
The Astral World—Higher Occult Powers: Clairvoyance, Spiritism, Mediumship, and Spirit-Healing Fully Explained
Brother Jacob
The Last Twelve Verses of the Gospel According to S. Mark
Life of Richard Trevithick, with an Account of His Inventions. Volume 2 (of 2)
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, v. 1 (of 2)
Holiday Romance
Wild Apples
Josh Billings on Ice, and Other Things
Agnes of Sorrento
The Mysteries of London, v. 1/4
Dred: A Tale of the Great Dismal Swamp
The Confession of a Child of the Century — Complete
Handbook to the Severn Valley Railway: Illustrative and Descriptive of Places along the Line from Worcester to Shrewsbury
The Ordinance of Covenanting
Lives of the Engineers: The Locomotive.  George and Robert Stephenson
History of Prince Edward Island
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John Ruskin
The Poor Clare
My Life — Volume 2
A Popular Account of the Manners and Customs of India
A Woman-Hater
The Queen of the Air: Being a Study of the Greek Myths of Cloud and Storm
Edmond Dantès
The Missing Link in Modern Spiritualism
Two Years Before the Mast
Aunt Phillis's Cabin; Or, Southern Life As It Is
The Cities of Refuge: or, The Name of Jesus: A Sunday book for the young
The Wide, Wide World
Thirty-Seven Days of Peril: from Scribner's Monthly Vol III Nov. 1871
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 5 (of 6)
The Life of Ludwig van Beethoven, Volume III
Ancient Society: Or, Researches in the Lines of Human Progress from Savagery, through Barbarism to Civilization
Madam How and Lady Why; Or, First Lessons in Earth Lore for Children
It Is Never Too Late to Mend
The Burglar's Fate, and The Detectives
A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament, Vol. II.
George Eliot's Life, as Related in Her Letters and Journals. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Vocabulum; or The Rogue's Lexicon: Compiled from the Most Authentic Sources
Little Travels and Roadside Sketches
Salt Water: The Sea Life and Adventures of Neil D'Arcy the Midshipman
Selections from the Poems and Plays of Robert Browning
The Minister's Wooing
The Rocket: The Story of the Stephensons, Father and Son
Laughable Lyrics
The Western World: Picturesque Sketches of Nature and Natural History in North; and South America
Jaufry the Knight and the Fair Brunissende: A Tale of the Times of King Arthur
Horae subsecivae. Rab and His Friends, and Other Papers
The Polar World: A popular description of man and nature in the Arctic and Antarctic regions of the globe
Doctor Marigold
Canada and the States
Mardi: and A Voyage Thither, Vol. I
A True Hero: A Story of the Days of William Penn
The Spiritualists and the Detectives
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Vol. 1 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
Iberia Won; A poem descriptive of the Peninsular War: With impressions from recent visits to the battle-grounds, and copious historical and illustrative notes
On the Old Road, Vol. 2 (of 2): A Collection of Miscellaneous Essays and Articles on Art and Literature
Los Gringos: Or, An Inside View of Mexico and California, with Wanderings in Peru, Chili, and Polynesia
A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament, Vol. I.
Abraham Lincoln: The True Story of a Great Life, Volume 1 (of 2)
Bygone London
The Comic Almanack, Volume 2: An Ephemeris in Jest and Earnest, Containing Merry Tales, Humerous Poetry, Quips, and Oddities
Biographical Notes on the Pseudonymous Bells
The Wreck of the Golden Mary
My Lady Ludlow
At Home and Abroad; Or, Things and Thoughts in America and Europe
The Pictorial Press: Its Origin and Progress
Discoveries Among the Ruins of Nineveh and Babylon
Words; Their Use and Abuse
History of merchant shipping and ancient commerce, Volume 3 (of 4)
The Jew and Other Stories
Minnie's Pet Dog
Captain Brand of the "Centipede": A Pirate of Eminence in the West Indies: His Love and Exploits, Together with Some Account of the Singular Manner by Which He Departed This Life
The Comic Latin Grammar: A new and facetious introduction to the Latin tongue
A Logic of Facts; Or, Every-day Reasoning
Jack the Giant Killer
The Hermits
The Poems and Verses of Charles Dickens
Palmetto-Leaves
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 3 (of 6)
Orley Farm
Toronto of Old: Collections and recollections illustrative of the early settlement and social life of the capital of Ontario
The Curiosities of Heraldry
Marriage with a deceased wife's sister: Leviticus XVIII. 18, considered in connection with the Law of the Levirate
The Duke's Children
Mamma's Stories about Birds
Hand-Book of Practical Cookery, for Ladies and Professional Cooks: Containing the Whole Science and Art of Preparing Human Food
Box and Cox: A Romance of Real Life in One Act.
The Factory Boy
Life of Mozart, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Herman Melville
A Ride Across Palestine
Human Origins
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 5: Persia: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
An Author's Mind : The Book of Title-pages
The First Battle of Bull Run
The Conquest of Canada, Vol. 1
John Brown: An Address at the 14th Anniversary of Storer College
Heroines of the Crusades
Portraits of Children of the Mobility
The Women of The American Revolution, Vol. 1
Fors Clavigera (Volume 1 of 8): Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
The Eureka Stockade
Cousin Phillis
Fifty Years In The Northwest: With An Introduction And Appendix Containing Reminiscences, Incidents And Notes
Character Sketches of Romance, Fiction, and the Drama, Vol. 4: A Revised American Edition of the Reader's Handbook
Osceola the Seminole; or, The Red Fawn of the Flower Land
Madam Crowl's Ghost and the Dead Sexton
Samoa, A Hundred Years Ago And Long Before
Monte-Cristo's Daughter
The Bunsby Papers (second series): Irish Echoes
Mademoiselle de Maupin, Volume 1 (of 2)
Captain Fracasse
Himalayan Journals — Complete: Or, Notes of a Naturalist in Bengal, the Sikkim and Nepal Himalayas, the Khasia Mountains, etc.
The Young Marooners on the Florida Coast
Wagner as I Knew Him
The Memoirs of Alexander Herzen, Parts I and II
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Complete (1555-66)
Castle Richmond
A Noiseless Patient Spider
The Vee-Boers: A Tale of Adventure in Southern Africa
The Eustace Diamonds
The Right of American Slavery
Impressions of Theophrastus Such
The Doom of the Griffiths
Bardell v. Pickwick
Travels in Peru, on the Coast, in the Sierra, Across the Cordilleras and the Andes, into the Primeval Forests
Omphalos: An Attempt to Untie the Geological Knot
The Pied Piper of Hamelin, and Other Poems: Every Boy's Library
Buddhism, in Its Connexion with Brahmanism and Hinduism, and in Its Contrast with Christianity
Character Sketches of Romance, Fiction, and the Drama, Vol. 2: A Revised American Edition of the Reader's Handbook
A Smaller Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities
The Belton Estate
Discoveries in Australia, Volume 1.: With an Account of the Coasts and Rivers Explored and Surveyed During; The Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle, in the Years 1837-38-39-40-41-42-43.; By Command of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Also a Narrative; Of Captain Owen Stanley's Visits to the Islands in the Arafura Sea.
The Mines and its Wonders
William Clayton's Journal: A Daily Record of the Journey of the Original Company of "Mormon" Pioneers from Nauvoo, Illinois, to the Valley of the Great Salt Lake
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 13: Great Writers: Dr Lord's Uncompleted Plan, Supplemented with Essays by Emerson, Macaulay, Hedge, and Mercer Adam
The Somnambulist and the Detective; The Murderer and the Fortune Teller
The Traditional Text of the Holy Gospels
Life of Mozart, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Mornings in Florence
A Modern History, From the Time of Luther to the Fall of Napoleon: For the Use of Schools and Colleges
Lady Anna
The Human Race
Amours De Voyage
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 6: Parthia: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
Mexico and Its Religion: With Incidents of Travel in That Country During Parts of the Years 1851-52-53-54, and Historical Notices of Events Connected With Places Visited
Laboulaye's Fairy Book
The Spy of the Rebellion: Being a True History of the Spy System of the United States Army during the Late Rebellion
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 4 (of 6)
The ladies' complete guide to crochet, fancy knitting, and needlework
My Private Menagerie: from The Works of Theophile Gautier Volume 19
Seventy Years on the Frontier
Excursions, and Poems: The Writings of Henry David Thoreau, Volume 05 (of 20)
History of merchant shipping and ancient commerce, Volume 2 (of 4)
Modern Painters, Volume 2 (of 5)
Black Forest Village Stories
Modern Society
Bacon and Shakspere
Musical Myths and Facts, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Indian Scout: A Story of the Aztec City
The life and times of the Rev. John Wesley, M.A., founder of the Methodists. Vol. 1 (of 3)
A Message from the Sea
Knock, Knock, Knock and Other Stories
The Diary of a Superfluous Man and Other Stories
The Saint's Tragedy
Short Studies on Great Subjects
Sir Walter Raleigh and His Time
Nonsense Drolleries: The Owl & The Pussy-Cat—The Duck & The Kangaroo.
To Cuba and Back
The King of the Golden River; or, the Black Brothers: A Legend of Stiria.
Letters to the Clergy on the Lord's Prayer and the Church
Maori Religion and Mythology: Illustrated by Translations of Traditions, Karakia, &c., to Which Are Added Notes on Maori Tenure of Land
The Paris Sketch Book of Mr. M. A. Titmarsh; and the Irish Sketch Book
History of the Jews, Vol. 4 (of 6)
The Subterranean World
The Second Funeral of Napoleon
The Gold Brick
Practical Religion: Being Plain Papers on the Daily Duties, Experience, Dangers, and Privileges of Professing Christians
Smoke
Lady Byron Vindicated: A History of the Byron Controversy
No Thoroughfare
Free Ships: The Restoration of the American Carrying Trade
Science and Practice in Farm Cultivation
Mike Marble: His Crotchets and Oddities.
The Mind of Jesus
A Noble Woman
Traditions and Hearthside Stories of West Cornwall, Second Series
The Memoirs of Mr. Charles J. Yellowplush
New version of Les contes d'Hoffmann (The tales of Hoffman)
The Rifle Rangers
How Britannia Came to Rule the Waves: Updated to 1900
A Stable for Nightmares; or, Weird Tales
Peter's Rock in Mohammed's Flood, from St. Gregory the Great to St. Leo III
American Pomology. Apples
Reptiles and Birds: A Popular Account of Their Various Orders, With a Description of the Habits and Economy of the Most Interesting
The Ocean World: Being a Description of the Sea and Its Living Inhabitants.
J. S. Le Fanu's Ghostly Tales, Volume 2
Eighty Years and More; Reminiscences 1815-1897
Two old faiths : $b essays on the religions of the Hindus and the Mohammedans
The House by the Church-Yard
Scenes in the Life of Harriet Tubman
Musical Instruments [1908]
More Nonsense
The Fugitive Slave Law and Its Victims: Anti-Slavery Tracts No. 18
A Brief History of Wood-engraving From Its Invention
Country Rambles, and Manchester Walks and Wild Flowers: Being Rural Wanderings in Cheshire, Lancashire, Derbyshire, and Yorkshire
Sketches of Young Couples
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 14: The New Era: A Supplementary Volume, by Recent Writers, as Set Forth in the Preface and Table of Contents
Oldtown Fireside Stories
Life and Work in Benares and Kumaon, 1839-1877
Exploration of the Valley of the Amazon, Part 1 (of 2)
The Elements of Perspective: arranged for the use of schools and intended to be read in connection with the first three books of Euclid
The Golden Dog
The History of Pendennis, Volume 2: His Fortunes and Misfortunes, His Friends and His Greatest Enemy
An Eye for an Eye
The Cricket on the Hearth
Dickens' Stories About Children Every Child Can Read
Put Yourself in His Place
An Accursed Race
Hortus Inclusus: Messages from the Wood to the Garden, Sent in Happy Days; to the Sister Ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston
The Mormon Menace: The Confessions of John Doyle Lee, Danite
Tales from Dickens
Reprinted Pieces
The American Reformed Cattle Doctor: Containing the necessary information for preserving the health and curing the diseases of oxen, cows, sheep, and swine, with a great variety of original recipes, and valuable information in reference to farm and dairy management
Life and Character of Richard Carlile
Parsons on the Rose: A Treatise on the Propagation, Culture and History of the Rose
The Mysteries of London, v. 4/4
White Lies
A Dark Night's Work
Seven Wives and Seven Prisons: Or, Experiences in the Life of a Matrimonial Monomaniac. A True Story
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 02: Jewish Heroes and Prophets
Sevenoaks: A Story of Today
The Ferryman of Brill, and Other Stories
Acadia: or, A Month with the Blue Noses
Quadrupeds, What They Are and Where Found: A Book of Zoology for Boys
Wanderings in Spain
The reigning belle : $b A society novel
The Lamplighter
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 11: American Founders
J. S. Le Fanu's Ghostly Tales, Volume 5
The Claverings
The Letters of Charles Dickens. Vol. 2, 1857-1870
The Formation of Christendom, Volume II
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry David Thoreau
A Simpleton
Explorations in Australia: The Journals of John McDouall Stuart During the Years 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861, and 1862, When He Fixed the Centre of the Continent and Successfully Crossed It from Sea to Sea
The Moorland Cottage
Great African Travellers: From Mungo Park to Livingstone and Stanley
The Log House by the Lake: A Tale of Canada
The Hunters' Feast: Conversations Around the Camp Fire
The Knights Templars
On Conducting (Üeber Das Dirigiren) : A Treatise on Style in the Execution of Classical Music
The Kellys and the O'Kellys
The Life of Cicero, Volume One
Yesterdays with Authors
Notable Voyagers, From Columbus to Nordenskiold
Travels in Tartary, Thibet, and China During the years 1844-5-6. Volume 2
The Life of Ludwig van Beethoven, Volume II
The Missouri Outlaws
History of merchant shipping and ancient commerce, Volume 1 (of 4)
The Complete Poetical Works of James Russell Lowell
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 7: The Sassanian or New Persian Empire: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
Popular Adventure Tales
A Manual of Moral Philosophy
Principles of Political Economy, Vol. 1
Spenser
Luther's Small Catechism Explained in Questions and Answers
Guy Deverell, v. 2 of 2
History of the Jews, Vol. 6 (of 6): Containing a Memoir of the Author by Dr. Philip Bloch, a Chronological Table of Jewish History, an Index to the Whole Work
Harry Coverdale's Courtship, and All That Came of It
Discipline and Other Sermons
The Life of Cicero, Volume II.
Abolition Fanaticism in New York: Speech of a Runaway Slave from Baltimore, at an Abolition; Meeting in New York, Held May 11, 1847
Lancashire Sketches: Third Edition
Female Suffrage: A Letter to the Christian Women of America
Summer on the Lakes, in 1843
The Desert Home: The Adventures of a Lost Family in the Wilderness
History of the Intellectual Development of Europe, Volume I (of 2): Revised Edition
The White Gauntlet
The Red River Half-Breed: A Tale of the Wild North-West
Stories from Wagner
The Story of Creation as Told By Theology and By Science
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Complete (1555-84)
The Room in the Dragon Volant
The Loving Ballad of Lord Bateman
A Rebel War Clerk's Diary at the Confederate States Capital
Revolution and Counter-Revolution; Or, Germany in 1848
Pictures of German Life in the XVIIIth and XIXth Centuries, Vol. I.
The Gold-Seekers: A Tale of California
A Little Tour in Ireland
Fors Clavigera (Volume 2 of 8): Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
The ceramic art of Great Britain from pre-historic times down to the present day, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b being a history of the ancient and modern pottery and porcelain works of the kingdom and of their productions of every class
Rudin: A Novel
The Life and Letters of Elizabeth Prentiss
Is He Popenjoy?
History of the Jews, Vol. 3 (of 6)
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 02 (of 20)
Of Vulgarity
Secrets of the Sword
Comic Arithmetic
Why is the Negro Lynched?
A Popular Account of Dr. Livingstone's Expedition to the Zambesi and Its Tributaries: And of the Discovery of Lakes Shirwa and Nyassa, 1858-1864
The Biography of Robert Murray M'Cheyne
The Expressman and the Detective
Mary and I: Forty Years with the Sioux
The Ethnology of Europe
The Microscope. Its History, Construction, and Application 15th ed.: Being a familiar introduction to the use of the instrument, and the study of microscopical science
The Holly-Tree
History of the United Netherlands, 1594
Mosaics of Grecian History
Mardi: and A Voyage Thither, Vol. II
The Words of Jesus
The Ethnology of the British Colonies and Dependencies
Nests and Eggs of Familiar British Birds, Second Series: Described and Illustrated; with an Account of the Haunts and Habits of the Feathered Architects, and their Times and Modes of Building
Recollections of the Civil War: With the Leaders at Washington and in the Field in the Sixties
Engraving: Its Origin, Processes, and History
Notes and Queries for Worcestershire
Sketches of Young Gentlemen
Caesar: A Sketch
The Story of Mattie J. Jackson: Her Parentage—Experience of Eighteen years in Slavery—Incidents during the War—Her Escape from Slavery
The Boy Hunters
True Blue
The Tiger-Slayer: A Tale of the Indian Desert
The Smuggler Chief: A Novel
Grave-mounds and Their Contents: A Manual of Archæology, as Exemplified in the Burials of the Celtic, the Romano-British, and the Anglo-Saxon Periods
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Eliot
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 3: Media: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
Miss Mackenzie
The Boy Tar
The Wild Huntress: Love in the Wilderness
The English in the West Indies; Or, The Bow of Ulysses
The Seaman's Friend: Containing a treatise on practical seamanship, with plates, a dictionary of sea terms, customs and usages of the merchant service
George Eliot's Life, as Related in Her Letters and Journals. Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Provinces of the Roman Empire, from Caesar to Diocletian. v. 2
The lost Atlantis, and other ethnographic studies
Letters from Muskoka
Pomegranates from an English Garden: A selection from the poems of Robert Browning
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Thackeray
A History of Domestic Manners and Sentiments in England During the Middle Ages
Journal of an Overland Expedition in Australia: From Moreton Bay to Port Essington, a distance of upwards of 3000 miles, during the years 1844-1845
A House of Gentlefolk
The History of Rome, Book I: The Period Anterior to the Abolition of the Monarchy
Routledge's Manual of Etiquette
Thrift
Journals of Two Expeditions of Discovery in North-West and Western Australia, Volume 2
The War Trail: The Hunt of the Wild Horse
The Salem Witchcraft, the Planchette Mystery, and Modern Spiritualism: With Dr. Doddridge's Dream
History of Ancient Pottery: Greek, Etruscan, and Roman.  Volume 2 (of 2)
Stories from Dickens
The zoology of the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle [vol. 2 of 5] : $b Mammalia
Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions — Volume 3
Cousin Henry
On Some Ancient Battle-Fields in Lancashire: And Their Historical, Legendary, and Aesthetic Associations.
A short history of Rhode Island
Vestiges of the supremacy of Mercia in the south of England during the eighth century
The Kobzar of the Ukraine: Being select poems of Taras Shevchenko done into English verse with biographical fragments by Alexander Jardine Hunter
The Battle of Life
Men of Invention and Industry
The Perils of Certain English Prisoners
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 05: The Middle Ages
John Marr and Other Poems
Mabel's Mistake
The Wound Dresser: A Series of Letters Written from the Hospitals in Washington during the War of the Rebellion
Musical Instruments [1876]
Gloria : $b A novel
Pink and White Tyranny: A Society Novel
"Puffing Billy" and the Prize "Rocket": or, the story of the Stephensons and our Railways.
The Comic English Grammar: A New And Facetious Introduction To The English Tongue
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 03: Ancient Achievements
Dick Onslow Among the Redskins
Seven Legends
Letters from the Alleghany Mountains
Lives of Boulton and Watt. Principally from the Original Soho Mss.: Comprising also a history of the invention and introduction of the steam engine
Hanky Panky : $b A book of conjuring tricks
The Seven Poor Travellers
Plays and Puritans
The Courtship of Susan Bell
The Best Portraits in Engraving
Orthodoxy: Its Truths And Errors
Twelve Causes of Dishonesty
Health: Five Lay Sermons to Working-People
History of the Jews, Vol. 5 (of 6)
A Decade of Italian Women, vol. 1 (of 2)
The Women of The American Revolution, Vol. 2
Poems of Arthur Hugh Clough
The comic history of the United States, from a period prior to the discovery of America to times long subsequent to the present
Mugby Junction
The Roman and the Teuton: A Series of Lectures delivered before the University of Cambridge
Harriet, the Moses of Her People
David: Five Sermons
Elements of Military Art and Science: Or, Course Of Instruction In Strategy, Fortification, Tactics Of Battles, &C.; Embracing The Duties Of Staff, Infantry, Cavalry, Artillery, And Engineers; Adapted To The Use Of Volunteers And Militia; Third Edition; With Critical Notes On The Mexican And Crimean Wars.
Archæological Essays, Vol. 1
The Elements of Geology; Adapted to the Use of Schools and Colleges
The Collector: Essays on Books, Newspapers, Pictures, Inns, Authors, Doctors, Holidays, Actors, Preachers
The Rebel Chief: A Tale of Guerilla Life
The Brothers Dalziel: A Record of Fifty Years Work in Conjunction with many of the Most Distinguished Artists of the Period 1840-1890
Ocean Gardens. The History of the Marine Aquarium: and the best methods now adopted for its establishment and preservation.
The Commentaries of Cæsar
The Physical Basis of Mind: Being the Second Series of Problems of Life and Mind.
The Crown of Thorns: A Token for the Sorrowing
Queen Hortense: A Life Picture of the Napoleonic Era
Illustration of the Method of Recording Indian Languages: From the First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology, Smithsonian Institution
The Giraffe Hunters
Sunday Under Three Heads
The Life of Charlotte Brontë — Volume 2
Men's Wives
Captain Boldheart & the Latin-Grammar Master: A Holiday Romance from the Pen of Lieut-Col. Robin Redforth, aged 9
On the Duty of Civil Disobedience
The Quadroon: Adventures in the Far West
Civilization the Primal Need of the Race, and The Attitude of the American Mind Toward the Negro Intellect: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Paper No. 3
Malaeska: The Indian Wife of the White Hunter
Recollections of a Military Life
The Apple-Tree Table, and Other Sketches
A Primer of the Art of Illumination for the Use of Beginners: With a rudimentary treatise on the art, practical directions for its exercise, and examples taken from illuminated mss.
The Sea and Its Living Wonders: A Popular Account of the Marvels of the Deep and of the Progress of Martime Discovery from the Earliest Ages to the Present Time
Letters of Franz Liszt -- Volume 1: from Paris to Rome: Years of Travel as a Virtuoso
Quartet in a minor, op. 41, no. 1
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 07: Great Women
J. S. Le Fanu's Ghostly Tales, Volume 3: The Haunted Baronet (1871)
Bart Ridgeley: A Story of Northern Ohio
The Castaways
The Story of a Cat
The Trial of Theodore Parker: For the "Misdemeanor" of a Speech in Faneuil Hall against Kidnapping, before the Circuit Court of the United States, at Boston, April 3, 1855, with the Defence
The Second War with England, Vol. 2 of 2
Annouchka: A Tale
Lives of the apostles of Jesus Christ
Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions — Volume 2
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia and Overland from Adelaide to King George's Sound in the Years 1840-1: Sent By the Colonists of South Australia, with the Sanction and Support of the Government: Including an Account of the Manners and Customs of the Aborigines and the State of Their Relations with Europeans — Volume 02
La Vendée
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 06: Renaissance and Reformation
James Braithwaite, the Supercargo: The Story of his Adventures Ashore and Afloat
Major Frank
The Struggles of Brown, Jones, and Robinson: By One of the Firm
Diana
'Round the yule-log: Christmas in Norway
Illustrated Index of British Shells: Containing figures of all the recent species
The Supernatural in the New Testament, Possible, Credible, and Historical: Or, An Examination of the Validity of Some Recent Objections Against Christianity as a Divine Revelation
Mudfog and Other Sketches
History of the United Netherlands, 1595-96
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 12: American Leaders
Shakespeare: His Life, Art, And Characters, Volume I.: With An Historical Sketch Of The Origin And Growth Of The Drama In England
Proserpina, Volume 1: Studies of Wayside Flowers, While the Air was Yet Pure Among the Alps and in the Scotland and England Which My Father Knew
Travels in Tartary, Thibet, and China during the years 1844-5-6. Volume 1
The Cricket on the Hearth: A Fairy Tale of Home
A Trip to Cuba
The Indian Chief: The Story of a Revolution
The Eagle's Nest: Ten Lectures on the Relation of Natural Science to Art, Given Before the University of Oxford, in Lent Term, 1872
The Kingdom of God, Part 1
1851; Or, The adventures of Mr. and Mrs. Sandboys and family, who came up to London to enjoy themselves, and to see the Great Exhibition.
Lilith : $b A novel
Diligent Dick : $b or, the young farmer
The Bedford-Row Conspiracy
Prose Idylls, New and Old
The Good News of God
The Seven Great Monarchies Of The Ancient Eastern World, Vol 4: Babylon: The History, Geography, And Antiquities Of Chaldaea, Assyria, Babylon, Media, Persia, Parthia, And Sassanian or New Persian Empire; With Maps and Illustrations.
Giotto and his works in Padua: An Explanatory Notice of the Series of Woodcuts Executed for the Arundel Society After the Frescoes in the Arena Chapel
Aims and Aids for Girls and Young Women: On the Various Duties of Life, Physical, Intellectual, And; Moral Development; Self-Culture, Improvement, Dress, Beauty,; Fashion, Employment, Education, The Home Relations, Their; Duties To Young Men, Marriage, Womanhood And Happiness.
The Causes of the Corruption of the Traditional Text of the Holy Gospels: Being the Sequel to The Traditional Text of the Holy Gospels
Bruin: The Grand Bear Hunt
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 03 (of 20)
The Sabbath-School Index: Pointing out the history and progress of Sunday-schools, with approved modes of instruction.
Notes of a Gold Digger, and Gold Diggers' Guide
Life and Letters of Robert Browning
Queer Little Folks
The Shih King, or, Book of Poetry: From the Sacred Books of the East Volume 3
Literary and General Lectures and Essays
Parsifal: A Mystical Drama by Richard Wagner Retold in the Spirit of the Bayreuth Interpretation
Bacon
Essays in Literature and History
A Month in Yorkshire
The History of the Hen Fever. A Humorous Record
Primitive Man
British Pomology: Or, the History, Description, Classification, and Synonymes, of the Fruits and Fruit Trees of Great Britain
George Washington
The man-eaters and other odd people : $b A popular description of singular races of man.
The American Union Speaker
Wylder's Hand
Journals of Travels in Assam, Burma, Bhootan, Afghanistan and the Neighbouring Countries
Debit and Credit: Translated from the German of Gustav Freytag
Granny's Wonderful Chair
The Fixed Period
Stanley's Adventures in the Wilds of Africa: A Graphic Account of the Several Expeditions of Henry M. Stanley into the Heart of the Dark Continent
A Lear of the Steppes, etc.
Adventures of an Angler in Canada, Nova Scotia and the United States
Lectures on Painting, Delivered to the Students of the Royal Acadamy
Mrs. Gaskell
Leaves From the Journal of Our Life in the Highlands, From 1848 to 1861
Foul Play
Alton Locke, Tailor and Poet: An Autobiography
The Evil Guest
Daily Thoughts: selected from the writings of Charles Kingsley by his wife
The Cruise of the "Dainty"; Or, Rovings in the Pacific
The Scalp Hunters
The Boy Slaves
Marvels of Pond-life: Or, A Year's Microscopic Recreations Among the Polyps, Infusoria, Rotifers, Water-bears and Polyzoa
Popular Books on Natural Science: For Practical Use in Every Household, for Readers of All Classes
The Oxonian in Thelemarken, volume 1 (of 2): or, Notes of travel in south-western Norway in the summers of 1856 and 1857. With glances at the legendary lore of that district.
The History of the Rifle Brigade (the Prince Consort's Own) Formerly the 95th
Was it a ghost? The murders in Bussey's wood : $b An extraordinary narrative
The Purcell Papers — Volume 1
George Silverman's Explanation
Mrs. Lirriper's Legacy
Letters of Franz Liszt -- Volume 2: from Rome to the End
The Life or Legend of Gaudama, the Buddha of the Burmese (Volume I)
Sketch of the life of Abraham Lincoln
The Life of the Rev. George Whitefield, Volume 1 (of 2)
Absurdities of immaterialism : $b or, a reply to T. W. P. Taylder's pamphlet, entitled, "The materialism of the Mormons or Latter-Day Saints, examined and exposed."
Nell and Her Grandfather, Told from Charles Dickens's "The Old Curiosity Shop"
The West Indies and the Spanish Main
The Gaming Table: Its Votaries and Victims. Volume 1 (of 2)
Ballads
Journals of Australian Explorations
Narrative of the Life and Adventures of Henry Bibb, an American Slave, Written by Himself
An apology for atheism : $b addressed to religious investigators of every denomination by one of its apostles
A Comparative View of Religions
The Tropical World: Aspects of man and nature in the equatorial regions of the globe.
The American Encyclopedia of History, Biography and Travel: Comprising Ancient and Modern History: the Biography of Eminent Men of Europe and America, and the Lives of Distinguished Travelers.
Love's bitterest cup
Manners and Monuments of Prehistoric Peoples
Queechy
A Publisher and His Friends: Memoir and Correspondence of John Murray; with an Account of the Origin and Progress of the House, 1768-1843
John Caldigate
Proserpina, Volume 2: Studies of Wayside Flowers, While the Air was Yet Pure Among the Alps and in the Scotland and England Which My Father Knew
The Forest Exiles: The Perils of a Peruvian Family in the Wilds of the Amazon
Marion Fay: A Novel
The Landleaguers
The Moral and Intellectual Diversity of Races: With Particular Reference to Their Respective Influence in the Civil and Political History of Mankind
Two Wars: An Autobiography of General Samuel G. French: Mexican War; War between the States, a Diary; Reconstruction Period, His Experience; Incidents, Reminiscences, etc.
The Middle Kingdom, Volume 1 (of 2): A Survey of the Geography, Government, Literature, Social Life, Arts, and History of the Chinese Empire and its Inhabitants
The curiosities of food : $b or, The dainties and delicacies of different nations obtained from the animal kingdom
How to build a house : $b an architectural novelette
Ida's new shoes
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 04: 1555-59
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1607a
East O' the Sun and West O' the Moon
Memoirs of the Life and Correspondence of Henry Reeve, C.B., D.C.L.: In Two Volumes. Volume II.
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 09: European Statesmen
Memoirs of Margaret Fuller Ossoli, Volume I
The Life of Columbus
Gwen Wynn: A Romance of the Wye
The Haunted Homestead: A Novel
History of the Origin, Formation, and Adoption of the Constitution of the United States, Vol. 1: With Notices of Its Principle Framers
Kidnapping in the Pacific; Or, The Adventures of Boas Ringdon: A long four-part Yarn
"Old Scrooge": A Christmas Carol in Five Staves.: Dramatized from Charles Dickens' Celebrated Christmas Story.
The Insect World: Being a Popular Account of the Orders of Insects; Together with a Description of the Habits and Economy of Some of the Most Interesting Species
The Life of Bismarck, Private and Political: With Descriptive Notices of His Ancestry
The Fitz-Boodle Papers
The History of a Mouthful of Bread: And its effect on the organization of men and animals
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 04: Imperial Antiquity
Thrilling Adventures by Land and Sea
Folk lore : $b or, Superstitious beliefs in the west of Scotland within this century
Hymns for Christian Devotion: Especially Adapted to the Universalist Denomination
Adventures in Australia
Fred Markham in Russia; Or, The Boy Travellers in the Land of the Czar
Time and Tide by Weare and Tyne: Twenty-five Letters to a Working Man of Sunderland on the Laws of Work
The Border Rifles: A Tale of the Texan War
Fresh Leaves
The Home at Greylock
Geofroy Tory: Painter and engraver; first royal printer; reformer of orthography and typography under François I.
Correspondence of Wagner and Liszt — Volume 1
History of the United Netherlands, 1598-99
The Frontier Fort: Or, Stirring Times in the North West Territory of British America
Voyages and Travels of Count Funnibos and Baron Stilkin
Adrift in a Boat
The Ocean Waifs: A Story of Adventure on Land and Sea
Christmas-Tide
The Great Riots of New York, 1712 to 1873
The Exploring Expedition to the Rocky Mountains, Oregon and California: To which is Added a Description of the Physical Geography of California, with Recent Notices of the Gold Region from the Latest and Most Authentic Sources
Life: Its True Genesis
What I Remember, Volume 2
Australia, its history and present condition: containing an account both of the bush and of the colonies,; with their respective inhabitants
Nineteenth Century Questions
The Valkyries
Archæological Essays, Vol. 2
History of the War in Afghanistan, Vol. 1 (of 3): Third Edition
The Earl of Beaconsfield
The Provinces of the Roman Empire, from Caesar to Diocletian. v. 1
A Year at the Shore
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Robert Browning
Norðurfari; or, Rambles in Iceland
The Life of the Rev. George Whitefield, Volume 2 (of 2)
History of the United Netherlands, 1586e
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia and Overland from Adelaide to King George's Sound in the Years 1840-1: Sent By the Colonists of South Australia, with the Sanction and Support of the Government: Including an Account of the Manners and Customs of the Aborigines and the State of Their Relations with Europeans — Volume 01
True Words for Brave Men: A Book for Soldiers' and Sailors' Libraries
My First Voyage to Southern Seas
The Limits of Atheism; Or, Why Should Sceptics Be Outlaws?
English Secularism: A Confession of Belief
North-Pole Voyages: Embracing Sketches of the Important Facts and Incidents in the Latest American Efforts to Reach the North Pole, from the Second Grinnell Expedition to That of the Polaris
Woodland Gleanings: Being an Account of British Forest-Trees
White and black lies : $b Or, truth better than falsehood
Darwiniana; Essays and Reviews Pertaining to Darwinism
Poems
Wild Western Scenes: A Narrative of Adventures in the Western Wilderness, Wherein the Exploits of Daniel Boone, the Great American Pioneer are Particularly Described
The Pleasures of England: Lectures given in Oxford
The Reign of Mary Tudor
Adventures in Africa: By an African Trader
Mysteries of Bee-keeping Explained
Gwen Wynn: A Romance of the Wye
Guy Deverell, v. 1 of 2
Christmas at Thompson Hall
Advice to a Mother on the Management of Her Children
The Life of Thomas, Lord Cochrane, Tenth Earl of Dundonald, Vol. I
A Joy For Ever (and Its Price in the Market)
The Carpenter's Daughter
The Young Berringtons: The Boy Explorers
Daisy
Sketches of Church History, from A.D. 33 to the Reformation
Gamblers and Gambling
Afloat in the Forest; Or, A Voyage among the Tree-Tops
Why Frau Frohmann Raised Her Prices, and Other Stories
Griffith Gaunt; or, Jealousy: Volumes 1 to 3 (of 3)
My study windows
Industrial Biography: Iron Workers and Tool Makers
Stepping Heavenward
A Blot in the 'Scutcheon
Houses and House-Life of the American Aborigines
Among My Books. Second Series
Val d'Arno: Ten Lectures on the Tuscan Art Directly Antecedent to the Florentine Year of Victories; Given Before the University of Oxford in Michaelmas Term, 1873
The Three Midshipmen
Washington and the American Republic, Vol. 3.
The Bertrams
Minnie's Pet Monkey
The Yellow Chief
Narrative of an Expedition to the Shores of the Arctic Sea in 1846 and 1847
The Diary of a Superfluous Man, and Other Stories
Western Himalaya and Tibet: A Narrative of a Journey Through the Mountains of Northern India During the Years 1847-8
Protestantism and Catholicity compared in their effects on the civilization of Europe
Lord Palmerston
Manco, the Peruvian Chief: Or, An Englishman's Adventures in the Country of the Incas
Saved from the Sea; Or, The Loss of the Viper, and her Crew's Saharan Adventures
Gathering Jewels: The Secret of a Beautiful Life: In Memoriam of Mr. & Mrs. James Knowles. Selected from Their Diaries.
The Macdermots of Ballycloran
Pius IX. And His Time
Old New Zealand: Being Incidents of Native Customs and Character in the Old Times
The English Language
Rose Clark
P. T. Barnum's Menagerie
Illustrations of the Family of Psittacidæ, or Parrots: The greater part of them species hitherto unfigured, containing forty-two lithographic plates, drawings from life, and on stone
The Royal Institution: Its Founder and First Professors
The Anatomy of Suicide
Louise, Queen of Prussia
The Water of Life, and Other Sermons
Immensee
Andromeda, and Other Poems
Discoveries in Australia, Volume 2: Discoveries in Australia; with an Account of the Coasts and Rivers; Explored and Surveyed During the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle, in The; Years 1837-38-39-40-41-42-43. By Command of the Lords Commissioners; Of the Admiralty. Also a Narrative of Captain Owen Stanley's Visits; To the Islands in the Arafura Sea
My Life as an Author
The African Trader; Or, The Adventures of Harry Bayford
The Boy who sailed with Blake
Among the Red-skins; Or, Over the Rocky Mountains
The Book of Ballads: Eleventh Edition, 1870
Exploration of the Valley of the Amazon, Part 2 (of 2)
The Physical Training of Children
Three addresses on the relations subsisting between the white and colored people of the United States
Poems, translated and original
Catherine: A Story
The Half-Brothers
An Unprotected Female at the Pyramids
The History of Rome, Book IV: The Revolution
A Perilous Secret
Bucholz and the Detectives
Pictures of German Life in the XVth, XVIth, and XVIIth Centuries, Vol. II.
The History of Antiquity, Vol. 6 (of 6)
The wanderings and fortunes of some German emigrants
Grammar of the New Zealand language (2nd edition)
The Guide of the Desert
History of the War in Afghanistan, Vol. 3 (of 3): Third Edition
Evening Incense
Gutenberg, and the Art of Printing
The Cricket Field: Or, the History and Science of the Game of Cricket
On poetic interpretation of nature
Women artists in all ages and countries
The right hand : $b Left-handedness
Abraham Lincoln
A Smaller History of Greece: from the Earliest Times to the Roman Conquest
The Relics of General Chasse: A Tale of Antwerp
The Function of the Poet, and Other Essays
How Lisa Loved the King
Dick Cheveley: His Adventures and Misadventures
Hurricane Hurry
Nobody
Old-Fashioned Ethics and Common-Sense Metaphysics: With Some of Their Applications
A Letter to Hon. Charles Sumner, with 'Statements' of Outrages upon Freedmen in Georgia
The Claims of Labour: An essay on the duties of the employers to the employed
Mississippi Outlaws and the Detectives: Don Pedro and the Detectives; Poisoner and the Detectives
What I know of farming:: a series of brief and plain expositions of practical agriculture as an art based upon science
A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar
Nullification, Secession, Webster's Argument, and the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions: Considered in Reference to the Constitution and Historically
The Trail-Hunter: A Tale of the Far West
The Mysteries of London, v. 2/4
The Standard Manual for Baptist Churches
Mozart's Youth
Discoveries in Egypt, Ethiopia and the peninsula of Sinai, in the years 1842-1845, during the mission sent out by his majesty, Frederick William IV of Prussia.
Christie Johnstone: A Novel
Returning Home
History of the United Netherlands, 1592-94
The Angel Over the Right Shoulder; Or, The Beginning of a New Year
The Cruise of the Mary Rose; Or, Here and There in the Pacific
Conflict of Northern and Southern Theories of Man and Society: Great Speech, Delivered in New York City
Villa Eden: The Country-House on the Rhine
Is Polite Society Polite? and Other Essays
Speeches, Addresses, and Occasional Sermons, Volume 2 (of 3)
History of England from the Fall of Wolsey to the Death of Elizabeth. Vol. III
Memoir of Rev. Joseph Badger: Fourth Edition
History of the Early Settlement of the Juniata Valley: Embracing an Account of the Early Pioneers, and the Trials and Privations Incident to the Settlement of the Valley, Predatory Incursions, Massacres, and Abductions by the Indians During the French and Indian Wars, and the War of the Revolution, &c.
A Bible Hand-Book
Tales of All Countries
Cranford
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Walt Whitman
North America — Volume 2
Empress Josephine: An Historical Sketch of the Days of Napoleon
Yeast: a Problem
History and Ecclesiastical Relations of the Churches of the Presbyterial Order at Amoy, China
Health and Education
The Seven Great Monarchies of the Ancient Asian World: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Tom and Maggie Tulliver
A Narrative of the Shipwreck, Captivity and Sufferings of Horace Holden and Benj. H. Nute: Who were cast away in the American ship Mentor, on the Pelew Islands, in the year 1832; and for two years afterwards were subjected to unheard of sufferings among the barbarous inhabitants of Lord North's island
A Life's Secret: A Novel
The Manual of the Botany of the Northern United States: Including the District East of the Mississippi and North of North Carolina and Tennessee
Bible Emblems
Woman in Sacred History: A Series of Sketches Drawn from Scriptural, Historical, and Legendary Sources
Ingleside; $b or, Without Christ and with Him
Mrs. Lirriper's Lodgings
Elinor Wyllys; Or, The Young Folk of Longbridge: A Tale. Volume 2
The Christmas Books of Mr. M.A. Titmarsh
Verner's Pride
The Cross and the Shamrock: Or, How To Defend The Faith. An Irish-American Catholic Tale Of Real Life, Descriptive Of The Temptations, Sufferings, Trials, And Triumphs Of The Children Of St. Patrick In The Great Republic Of Washington. A Book For The Entertainment And Special Instructions Of The Catholic Male And Female Servants Of The United States.
Effie Maurice: Or What do I Love Best
The Lost Gospel and Its Contents: Or, The Author of "Supernatural Religion" Refuted by Himself
The Three Brides, Love in a Cottage, and Other Tales
The Death Shot: A Story Retold
Reminiscences of Forts Sumter and Moultrie in 1860-'61
The End of a Coil
Inspiration and Interpretation: Seven Sermons Preached Before the University of Oxford
Little Frankie at School
The 'Fan Kwae' at Canton Before Treaty Days 1825-1844
Ten Years and Ten Months in Lunatic Asylums in Different States
We and Our Neighbors; or, The Records of an Unfashionable Street
Haw-Ho-Noo; Or, Records of a Tourist
Negroes and Negro "Slavery:" the first an inferior race: the latter its normal condition.
A Yankee in Canada, with Anti-slavery and reform papers.
India : $b the pearl of Pearl River
The Gaming Table: Its Votaries and Victims. Volume 2 (of 2)
My Garden Acquaintance
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia and Overland from Adelaide to King George's Sound in the Years 1840-1: Sent By the Colonists of South Australia, with the Sanction and Support of the Government: Including an Account of the Manners and Customs of the Aborigines and the State of Their Relations with Europeans — Complete
Dahcotah: Life and Legends of the Sioux Around Fort Snelling
Peter the Whaler
Christian Gellert's Last Christmas: From "German Tales" Published by the American Publishers' Corporation
The Trial of William Tinkling: Written by Himself at the Age of 8 Years
In the Wilds of Africa
Gaspar the Gaucho: A Story of the Gran Chaco
Rambles of an archæologist among old books and in old places : $b Being papers on art, in relation to archæology, painting, art-decoration, and art-manufacture
The Starling: A Scottish Story
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 08 (of 20)
Folk-Speech of Cumberland and Some Districts Adjacent: Being Short Stories and Rhymes in the Dialects of the West Border Counties
On chloroform and other anæsthetics: their action and administration
Advice to a wife and mother in two parts : $b Embracing advice to a wife, and advice to a mother
Glaucus; Or, The Wonders of the Shore
Miscellaneous Papers
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce — Complete (1584-1609)
Harry Heathcote of Gangoil: A Tale of Australian Bush-Life
Awful Disclosures of the Hotel Dieu Nunnery of Montreal: Containing, Also, Many Incidents Never before Published
The Life of Marie Antoinette, Queen of France
Two Ghostly Mysteries: A Chapter in the History of a Tyrone Family; and the Murdered Cousin
Thomas Davis, selections from his prose and poetry
The Bush Boys: History and Adventures of a Cape Farmer and his Family
Robert Burns
Archibald Hughson: An Arctic Story
Ralph the Heir
Memories of Bethany
What She Could
Waihoura, the Maori Girl
Charles Gounod: Autobiographical Reminiscences with Family Letters and Notes on Music
From the Oak to the Olive: A Plain record of a Pleasant Journey
Annals of a Fortress
Creation or Evolution? A Philosophical Inquiry
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 15 (of 20)
The Principal Speeches and Addresses of His Royal Highness the Prince Consort
Round the Sofa
Rab and His Friends
The Life of Jesus Christ for the Young, Vol. 3
Dictionary of the Chinook Jargon, or, Trade Language of Oregon
English Seamen in the Sixteenth Century: Lectures Delivered at Oxford Easter Terms 1893-4
Westminster Sermons: with a Preface
Thackeray
The Woodcutter of Gutech
A Theory of Creation: A Review of 'Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation'
The Old Helmet, Volume II
James Madison
History of England from the Fall of Wolsey to the Death of Elizabeth. Vol. II.
Bunyan
Norston's Rest
The Flying Horseman
A Bible History of Baptism
A Butterfly Chase
Colored Americans in the Wars of 1776 and 1812
The Cross: A Tract for the Times
The life of Cardinal Mezzofanti: With an introductory memoir of eminent linguists, ancient and modern
Tom Tiddler's Ground
Notes on a Journey from Cornhill to Grand Cairo
Peg Woffington
George Walker at Suez
Quotes and Images From Motley's History of the Netherlands
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 08: Great Rulers
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 10: European Leaders
The Diving Bell; Or, Pearls to be Sought for
Dr. Wortle's School
Old Jack
The White Chief: A Legend of Northern Mexico
The Monitor and the Merrimac : $b Both sides of the story
The Vicar of Bullhampton
Queen Victoria as I Knew Her
Travelling Sketches
A month in Switzerland
On the mode of communication of cholera
Hunting Sketches
A Little Dinner at Timmins's
History of the United Netherlands, 1590-99 — Complete
The Principles of Success in Literature
Jack Mason, the Old Sailor
Sunny Memories Of Foreign Lands, Volume 1
Journals of Two Expeditions of Discovery in North-West and Western Australia, Volume 1
A Conspiracy of the Carbonari
The Principles of Breeding: or, Glimpses at the Physiological Laws involved in the Reproduction and Improvement of Domestic Animals
An Essay on Professional Ethics: Second Edition
The Life of Thomas, Lord Cochrane, Tenth Earl of Dundonald, Vol. II
The Collector's Handbook to Keramics of the Renaissance and Modern Periods
Willing to Die: A Novel
Speeches, Addresses, and Occasional Sermons, Volume 3 (of 3)
Edward Hoare, M.A.: A record of his life based upon a brief autobiography
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 01 (of 20)
Rites and Ritual: A Plea for Apostolic Doctrine and Worship
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 18 (of 20)
William Nelson : $b a memoir
The Red Court Farm: A Novel (Vol. 1 of 2)
Aleph, the Chaldean; or, the Messiah as Seen from Alexandria
The Two Spies: Nathan Hale and John André
Robin Hood and His Merry Foresters
The Wyvern mystery
Prose remains of Arthur Hugh Clough, with a selection from his letters and a memoir
The O'Conors of Castle Conor, County Mayo: From "Tales from All Countries"
Christmas Eve
The Excellence of the Rosary: Conferences for Devotions in Honor of the Blessed Virgin
A Guide to Peterborough Cathedral: Comprising a brief history of the monastery from its foundation to the present time, with a descriptive account of its architectural peculiarities and recent improvements; compiled from the works of Gunton, Britton, and original & authentic documents
The Three Lieutenants
The Trapper's Son
The Harbours of England
A Treatise on the Tactical Use of the Three Arms: Infantry, Artillery, and Cavalry
A Brief Commentary on the Apocalypse
The Faithful Promiser
Ayala's Angel
Pictures of German Life in the XVIIIth and XIXth Centuries, Vol. II.
Wives and Widows; or, The Broken Life
The Jew
A History of Oregon, 1792-1849: Drawn From Personal Observation and Authentic Information
Curiosities of Civilization
A Decade of Italian Women, vol. 2 (of 2)
The Rogerenes: some hitherto unpublished annals belonging to the colonial history of Connecticut
The Master of Greylands: A Novel
Paradise (to be) Regained
George Cruikshank
History of the United Netherlands, 1587b
The Old Roman World : the Grandeur and Failure of Its Civilization.
J. S. Le Fanu's Ghostly Tales, Volume 4
Ishmael; Or, In the Depths
Ned Garth; Or, Made Prisoner in Africa: A Tale of the Slave Trade
The Wanderers; Or, Adventures in the Wilds of Trinidad and Orinoco
The Lily of Leyden
Ellen Middleton—A Tale
A Sketch of the Life and Labors of George Whitefield
The Village Notary: A Romance of Hungarian Life
The American Gentleman's Guide to Politeness and Fashion: or, Familiar Letters to his Nephews
Rome, Turkey, and Jerusalem
The Reason Why: A Careful Collection of Many Hundreds of Reasons for Things Which, Though Generally Believed, Are Imperfectly Understood
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 05 (of 20)
Arthur Brown, The Young Captain
The Birch and the Star, and Other Stories
A History of North American Birds; Land Birds; Vol. 2 of 3
How Does a Tree Grow? Or, Botany for Young Australians
Sweet Hampstead and Its Associations
South Africa; vol I.
The Proofs of Christ's Resurrection; from a Lawyer's Standpoint
First Theater in America: When was the drama first introduced in America? An inquiry, including a consideration of the objections that have been made to the stage.
The island pirate, a tale of the Mississippi
The Purcell Papers — Volume 3
Henry VIII and His Court: A Historical Novel
The Legends of Saint Patrick
Tacitus and Bracciolini. The Annals Forged in the XVth Century
Sermons for the Times
Memoirs of Margaret Fuller Ossoli, Volume II
Sunshine Bill
King Candaules
Trading
Joseph in the Snow, and The Clockmaker. In Three Volumes. Vol. III.
The Maroon
Marital Power Exemplified in Mrs. Packard's Trial, and Self-Defence from the Charge of Insanity
Perils in the Transvaal and Zululand
Principles of Political Economy, Vol. 2
A Breeze from the Woods, 2nd Ed.
Scenes and Characters from the Works of Charles Dickens: Being Eight Hundred and Sixty-six Pictures Printed from the Original Wood Blocks
Mental Philosophy: Including the Intellect, Sensibilities, and Will
The Mysteries of London, v. 3/4
The Day After Death; Or, Our Future Life According to Science (New Edition)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Anthony Trollope
Audubon's western journal: 1849-1850: Being the MS. record of a trip from New York to Texas, and an overland journey through Mexico and Arizona to the gold-fields of California
Early Voyages to Terra Australis, Now Called Australia:: A Collection of Documents, and Extracts from Early Manuscript Maps, Illustrative of the History of Discovery on the Coasts of That Vast Island, from the Beginning of the Sixteenth Century to the Time of Captain Cook.
Life and writings of Amelia Bloomer
The birds of Jamaica
The Life of John Bunyan
The Wolves and the Lamb
The Story of the Two Bulls
Two Years Ago, Volume I
Grammatical Sketch of the Heve Language: Shea's Library of American Linguistics. Volume III.
For Woman's Love
The Loss of the Royal George
Edelweiss: A Story
It May Be True, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Thoughts on Art and Autobiographical Memoirs of Giovanni Duprè
A History of Philosophy in Epitome
The Shadow of Ashlydyat
Flagg's The Far West, 1836-1837, part 1
Anno Domini 2071: Translated from the Dutch Original
The Dying Indian's Dream: A Poem
Remarks on the Uses of some of the Bazaar Medicines and Common Medical Plants of India: With a full index of diseases, indicating their treatment by these and other agents procurable throughout India; to which are added directions for treatment in cases of drowning, snake-bites &c.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Mrs. Henry Wood
My household of pets
Fors Clavigera (Volume 6 of 8): $b Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
Midwifery and the diseases of women : $b A descriptive and practical work showing the superiority of water-treatment in menstruation and its disorders, chlorosis, leucorrhea, fluor albus, prolapsus uteri, hysteria, spinal diseases, and other weaknesses of females, in pregnancy and its diseases, abortion, uterine hemorrhage, and the general management of childbirth, nursing, etc., etc.
Barchester Towers
Louisa of Prussia and Her Times: A Historical Novel
Horace
Sermons on National Subjects
Georgie's Present, or, Tales of Newfoundland
Town Geology
Lays of the Scottish Cavaliers and Other Poems
The Book of Ballads, edited by Bon Gaultier [pseud.]
From Powder Monkey to Admiral: A Story of Naval Adventure
An Old Man's Love
Ariadne Florentina: Six Lectures on Wood and Metal Engraving
The Divorce of Catherine of Aragon: The Story as Told by the Imperial Ambassadors Resident at the Court of Henry VIII
Notice of Runic Inscriptions Discovered during Recent Excavations in the Orkneys
Little Robins' Love One to Another
Trevlyn Hold: A Novel
The Sun changes its position in space: therefore it cannot be regarded as being "in a condition of rest"
Johnny Ludlow, First Series
The archæology and prehistoric annals of Scotland
Life of a Scotch Naturalist: Thomas Edward, Associate of the Linnean Society.: Fourth Edition
An epitome of astronomy, with the new discoveries: including an account of the eídouraníon, or transparent orrery
1970: A Vision of the Coming Age
Ancient history from the monuments: Greek cities & islands of Asia Minor
Mirth and metre
The Purcell Papers — Volume 2
Correspondence of Wagner and Liszt — Volume 2
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 19: 1572-73
The Emigrant Mechanic and Other Tales in Verse: Together with Numerous Songs Upon Canadian Subjects
The Reminiscences of Sir Henry Hawkins (Baron Brampton)
The History of Rome, Book III: From the Union of Italy to the Subjugation of Carthage and the Greek States
Liza; Or, "A Nest of Nobles"
Personal Recollections of Pardee Butler
Lady Byron Vindicated: A history of the Byron controversy from its beginning in 1816 to the present time
Sermons Preached at Brighton: Third Series
Practical Essays
Personal Recollections of Birmingham and Birmingham Men
Capitola's Peril: A Sequel to 'The Hidden Hand'
Captain Cook: His Life, Voyages, and Discoveries
Linda Tressel
Plain Talks on Avoided Subjects
The Peddler's Boy; Or, I'll Be Somebody
Little Frankie and His Cousin
Alone on an Island
Little Frankie and his Mother
The Pearl of Peace; or, The Little Peacemaker
St. Peter, His Name and His Office, as Set Forth in Holy Scripture
History of the Origin, Formation, and Adoption of the Constitution of the United States, Vol. 2: With Notices of Its Principle Framers
Johnny Ludlow, Second Series
The Cid Campeador: A Historical Romance
The Hart and the Water-Brooks: a practical exposition of the forty-second Psalm.
Assassination of Lincoln: a History of the Great Conspiracy: Trial of the Conspirators by a Military Commission, and a Review of the Trial of John H. Surratt
California as it is, and as it may be : $b or, A guide to the gold region
A Day Well Spent: A Farce, in One Act
Sam Lawson's Oldtown Fireside Stories: With Illustrations
The Sultan and His People
Military Service and Adventures in the Far East: Vol. 1 (of 2): Including Sketches of the Campaigns Against the Afghans in 1839, and the Sikhs in 1845-6.
After Icebergs with a Painter: A Summer Voyage to Labrador and Around Newfoundland.
The Greatest Plague of Life: or, the Adventures of a Lady in Search of a Good Servant.
The life and times of the Rev. John Wesley, M.A., founder of the Methodists. Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Iroquois Book of Rites
Three Years on the Plains: Observations of Indians, 1867-1870
Love's Meinie: Three Lectures on Greek and English Birds
The Young Llanero: A Story of War and Wild Life in Venezuela
Half Hours in Bible Lands, Volume 2: Patriarchs, Kings, and Kingdoms
Humanity in the City
Hair-Breadth Escapes: The Adventures of Three Boys in South Africa
Rachel Ray
The Fatal Cord, and The Falcon Rover
The Tenants of Malory, Volume 1
The Lost Mountain: A Tale of Sonora
The Discovery of America by the Northmen, 985-1015
Odd People: Being a Popular Description of Singular Races of Man
Little Susy's Little Servants
The Captive in Patagonia
Fifty Notable Years: Views of the Ministry of Christian Universalism During the Last Half-Century; with Biographical Sketches
Doctor Birch and His Young Friends
Pen Pictures, of Eventful Scenes and Struggles of Life
Drawing Rooms, Second Floor, and Attics: A Farce, in One Act
Mr. Pickwick's Christmas: Being an Account of the Pickwickians' Christmas at the Manor Farm, of the Adventures There; the Tale of the Goblin Who Stole a Sexton, and of the Famous Sports on the Ice
The Heritage of The South: A History of the Introduction of Slavery; Its Establishment From Colonial Times and Final Effect Upon the Politics of the United States
The Alhambra and the Kremlin: The South and the North of Europe
Journal of a tour in Marocco and the Great Atlas
North America — Volume 1
Frederick the Great and His Family: A Historical Novel
Napoleon and Blücher: An Historical Novel
History of the United Netherlands, 1587d
The Golden Lion of Granpere
Choice Specimens of American Literature, and Literary Reader: Being Selections from the Chief American Writers
Cicero
Superstition unveiled
Her mother's secret
On the Heights: A Novel
Digby Heathcote: The Early Days of a Country Gentleman's Son and Heir
Bygones Worth Remembering, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Church and State as Seen in the Formation of Christendom
Constance Sherwood: An Autobiography of the Sixteenth Century
The Mahogany Tree
Clergymen of the Church of England
Pleasant Talk About Fruits, Flowers and Farming
Captain Cook in New South Wales; Or, The Mystery of Naming Botany Bay
Fors Clavigera (Volume 3 of 8): Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
Love's labor won
Shadows and sunbeams: Being a second series of Fern leaves from Fanny's portfolio
Egypt of the Pharaohs and of the Khedivé
The Nibelungs
The Marchioness of Brinvilliers, the poisoner of the seventeenth century : $b A romance of old Paris
The Life of Thomas Telford, Civil Engineer: With an Introductory History of Roads and Travelling in Great Britain
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 3 part 1: The Middle Ages
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Complete (1566-74)
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce — Complete (1584-86)
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1602-03
The Philosophy of the Plays of Shakspere Unfolded
Be Courteous, or, Religion, the True Refiner
Letters and Journals of James, Eighth Earl of Elgin
Daisy
The Two Supercargoes; Or, Adventures in Savage Africa
The Two Whalers; Or, Adventures in the Pacific
Fairy Fingers: A Novel
Aratra Pentelici, Seven Lectures on the Elements of Sculpture: Given before the University of Oxford in Michaelmas Term, 1870
Minnie's Pet Parrot
Margaret Fuller (Marchesa Ossoli)
In a Glass Darkly, v. 3/3
Old New Zealand: A Tale of the Good Old Times: And a History of the War in the North against the Chief Heke, in the Year 1845
Johnny Ludlow, Fourth Series
Florida: Past and present: together with notes from Sunland, on the Manatee River, Gulf Coast of South Florida: its climate, soil, and productions
Goethe and Schiller: An Historical Romance
The Pope, the Kings and the People: A History of the Movement to Make the Pope Governor of the World by a Universal Reconstruction of Society from the Issue of the Syllabus to the Close of the Vatican Council
A Modern Zoroastrian
Narrative of Henry Box Brown: Who Escaped from Slavery Enclosed in a Box 3 Feet Long and 2 Wide
Waiting for an Omnibus in the Lowther Arcade on a Rainy Day: A Farce, in One Act
The life and times of the Rev. Samuel Wesley: Rector of Epworth and father of the Revs. John and Charles Wesley, the founders of the Methodists
The history of the Jews: From the war with Rome to the present time
Life of Bunyan
Joseph II. and His Court: An Historical Novel
Stones of Venice [introductions]
The Lost Lady of Lone
Ernest Bracebridge: School Days
The Writings of James Russell Lowell in Prose and Poetry, Volume V: Political Essays
Sketches of Our Life at Sarawak
History of the Intellectual Development of Europe, Volume II (of 2): Revised Edition
Rob Nixon, the Old White Trader: A Tale of Central British North America
The Conquest of Canada, Vol. 2
Granny's Wonderful Chair & Its Tales of Fairy Times
An Old Story of My Farming Days Vol. 3 (of 3).: (Ut Mine Stromtid)
Seed-time and Harvest: A Novel
Count Brühl
Old Wine and New: Occasional Discourses
The Insurgent Chief
Fundamental Philosophy, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Report of Mr. Wood's Visit to the Choctaw and Cherokee Missions. 1855
Lion Ben of Elm Island
Impressions of England; or, Sketches of English Scenery and Society
A Biography of Rev. Henry Ward Beecher
Lectures on the rise and development of medieval architecture; vol. 1
Tibetan Grammar
Up the ladder; $b or, striving and thriving
The human species
The hand-book of artillery
The pearl of charity : $b or, the chain and seals.
Geological facts; or, the crust of the earth, what it is, and what are its uses
Rose, Blanche, and Violet, Volume 1 (of 3)
Last winter in the United States : $b being table talk collected during a tour through the late Southern Confederation, the Far West, the Rocky Mountains, &c.
Frederick the Great and His Court
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War — Complete (1614-23)
The elements of character
The Gospel of the Pentateuch: A Set of Parish Sermons
The Commercial Products of the Vegetable Kingdom: Considered in Their Various Uses to Man and in Their Relation to the Arts and Manufactures; Forming a Practical Treatise & Handbook of Reference for the Colonist, Manufacturer, Merchant, and Consumer, on the Cultivation, Preparation for Shipment, and Commercial Value, &c. of the Various Substances Obtained From Trees and Plants, Entering into the Husbandry of Tropical and Sub-tropical Regions, &c.
On the Banks of the Amazon
Paddy Finn
The South Sea Whaler
The Voyage of the "Steadfast": The Young Missionaries in the Pacific
The Free Lances: A Romance of the Mexican Valley
The Mother's Manual of Children's Diseases
Reminiscences of a Canadian Pioneer for the last Fifty Years: An Autobiography
The Falls of Niagara and Other Famous Cataracts
Jovinian: A Story of the Early Days of Papal Rome
The Hearth-Stone: Thoughts Upon Home-Life in Our Cities
Roger Kyffin's Ward
Stoneheart: A Romance
Men of Our Times; Or, Leading Patriots of the Day: Being narratives of the lives and deeds of statesmen, generals, and orators. Including biographical sketches and anecdotes of Lincoln, Grant, Garrison, Sumner, Chase, Wilson, Greeley, Farragut, Andrew, Colfax, Stanton, Douglass, Buckingham, Sherman, Sheridan, Howard, Phillips and Beecher.
Letters and Literary Memorials of Samuel J. Tilden, v. 1
Jacob Hamblin: A Narrative of His Personal Experience as a Frontiersman, Missionary to the Indians and Explorer, Disclosing Interpositions of Providence, Severe Privations, Perilous Situations and Remarkable Escapes: Fifth Book of the Faith-Promoting Series, Designed for the Instruction and Encouragement of Young Latter-day Saints
Karl Krinken, His Christmas Stocking
Lotta Schmidt, and Other Stories
Letters of Asa Gray; Vol. 2
A Book of Gems, or, Choice selections from the writings of Benjamin Franklin
Anne Hereford: A Novel
Aristophanes
"Our Street"
Motherly talks with young housekeepers: embracing eighty-seven brief articles on topics of home interest, and about five hundred choice receipts for cooking, etc.
A reply to "The affectionate and Christian address of many thousands of women of Great Britain and Ireland, to their sisters, the women of the United States of America."
Lily's birthday
The Ancien Régime
Ridgeway: An Historical Romance of the Fenian Invasion of Canada
The History of Rome, Book II: From the Abolition of the Monarchy in Rome to the Union of Italy
Kept in the Dark
Stories of Animal Sagacity
Janet McLaren, the Faithful Nurse
The Woman Who Dared
The Pearl of Love; or, Josey's Gift
The Letters of Anne Gilchrist and Walt Whitman
The Child Wife
George Gemünder's Progress in Violin Making: With Interesting Facts Concerning the Art and Its Critics in General
In a Glass Darkly, v. 2/3
Found at Last: the Veritable Garden of Eden: Or a place that answers the Bible description of the notable spot better than anything yet discovered
The Asteroids; Or Minor Planets Between Mars and Jupiter.
Wanderings in India, and Other Sketches of Life in Hindostan
An Interesting Account of Several Remarkable Visions: And of the Late Discovery of Ancient American Records
Sybil Chase; or, The Valley Ranche: A Tale of California Life
A Treatise on Gunshot Wounds
Arrows of the Chace, vol. 2/2: being a collection of scattered letters published chiefly in the daily newspapers 1840-1880
A record of St. Cybi's Church, Holyhead : $b and the sermon preached after its restoration, 1879
Farthest North: The Life and Explorations of Lieutenant James Booth Lockwood, of the Greely Arctic Expedition
A History of North American Birds; Land Birds; Vol. 1 of 3
Biblical Revision, its duties and conditions: A sermon preached in St. Paul's Cathedral at the special evening service, on Sunday, March 13, 1870
Cholera and the Water Supply in the South Districts of London in 1854
The Spoilt Child: A Tale of Hindu Domestic Life
For whose sake?: A sequel to "Why did he wed her?"
Swiss allmends, and a walk to see them : $b being a second month in Switzerland
Aaron Trow
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce — Complete (1600-1609)
The Last of the Huggermuggers
Widger's Quotes and Images from The Confession of a Child of the Century by Alfred de Musset: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Twenty-Five Village Sermons
Nina Balatka
Lessons in Life; A Series of Familiar Essays
The Oxford Movement; Twelve Years, 1833-1845
Melbourne House, Volume 2
Chancellorsville and Gettysburg: Campaigns of the Civil War - VI
Mark Seaworth
Michael Penguyne; Or, Fisher Life on the Cornish Coast
The Gold of Chickaree
Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite
Wood Rangers: The Trappers of Sonora
Say and Seal, Volume I
Lectures Delivered in America in 1874
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Vol. 3 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
Torrey's Narrative; or, The Life and Adventures of William Torrey
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 12 (of 20)
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 20 (of 20)
Life of James Buchanan, Fifteenth President of the United States. v. 1 (of 2)
The Younger Sister: A Novel, Vol. II.
How a Farthing Made a Fortune; or "Honesty is the best policy"
The parted family and other poems : $b An offering to the afflicted, and a tribute of love to departed friends
Jasmin: Barber, Poet, Philanthropist
Memoirs (Vieux Souvenirs) of the Prince de Joinville
Emilie the Peacemaker
Mr. Scarborough's Family
Narrative of the Life of J.D. Green, a Runaway Slave, from Kentucky: Containing an Account of His Three Escapes, in 1839, 1846, and 1848
The Days of Bruce: A Story from Scottish History. Vol. 1
In the Rocky Mountains: A Tale of Adventure
The Lone Ranche
The Mate of the "Lily"; Or, Notes from Harry Musgrave's Log Book
The Settlers: A Tale of Virginia
The Young Voyageurs: Boy Hunters in the North
A Journal of a Visit of Three Days to Skibbereen, and Its Neighbourhood
In the Year '13: A Tale of Mecklenburg Life
The Countess Cosel: A Romance of History of the Times of Augustus the Strong
A Treatise on Sheep:: The Best Means for their Improvement, General Management, and the Treatment of their Diseases.
Franklin: A Sketch
A Treatise on Chancel Screens and Rood Lofts: Their Antiquity, Use, and Symbolic Signification
A Letter to the Rev. William Maskell, A.M.: How far the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council commits the Church of England by its decision, even allowing it to have jurisdiction in points of doctrine
Life of James Buchanan, Fifteenth President of the United States. v. 2 (of 2)
Halloween, a Romaunt; with Lays Meditative and Devotional
Military Service and Adventures in the Far East: Vol. 2 (of 2): Including Sketches of the Campaigns Against the Afghans in 1839, and the Sikhs in 1845-6.
Ragged homes and how to mend them
Gudrun
Prince Eugene, the Noble Knight
Lectures on the rise and development of medieval architecture; vol. 2
Biographical catalogue of the portraits at Weston, the seat of the Earl of Bradford
The bride's fate: The sequel to "The changed brides"
The old vicarage : $b A novel
In the brush : $b or, Old-time social, political, and religious life in the southwest
American ideas for English readers
Personal Recollections of Early Melbourne and Victoria
Travels through the Empire of Morocco
The Heavenly Father: Lectures on Modern Atheism
Napoleon and the Queen of Prussia
The Story of a Dewdrop
Exiled for the Faith: A Tale of the Huguenot Persecution
Minnie's Pet Horse
Jessie Carlton: The Story of a Girl who Fought with Little Impulse, the; Wizard, and Conquered Him
The frontiersmen : $b A novel
Highland Targets and Other Shields
The Bee Hunters: A Tale of Adventure
Letters from Switzerland
The Sabbath: A Paper Read at the Conference of the Evangelical Alliance, Held at Geneva, September 2. 1861
History of the War in Afghanistan, Vol. 2 (of 3): Third Edition
A Summer in the Wilderness: embracing a canoe voyage up the Mississippi and around Lake Superior
Legendary Yorkshire
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John Leech
The curse of gold
Bible history and brief outline of church history
Annals of the early Caliphate from the death of Mahomet to the Omeyyad and Abbaside dynasties A.H. XI-LXI (A.D. 632-680) from original sources
Alexandria and Her Schools: Four Lectures Delivered at the Philosophical Institution, Edinburgh
Sylvia's Lovers — Volume 3
The Young Captives: A Story of Judah and Babylon
Two Christmas Celebrations
Queechy, Volume I
The Three Admirals
Ben Burton: Born and Bred at Sea
Captain Mugford: Our Salt and Fresh Water Tutors
The Gold Thread: A Story for the Young
The Old Helmet, Volume I
The Old Countess; or, The Two Proposals
Waldfried: A Novel
Reminiscences, 1819-1899
The Lost Manuscript: A Novel
Home Influence: A Tale for Mothers and Daughters
Bygones Worth Remembering, Vol. 2 (of 2)
British Manufacturing Industries: Pottery, Glass and Silicates, Furniture and Woodwork.
Johnny Ludlow, Sixth Series
The Communion and Communicant
The Adventurers
The Buccaneer Chief: A Romance of the Spanish Main
The Queen of the Savannah: A Story of the Mexican War
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 07 (of 20)
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 10 (of 20)
The History of the First United States Flag: and the Patriotism of Betsy Ross, the Immortal Heroine That Originated the First Flag of the Union
Baptism as taught in the Bible and the Prayer Book
Slavery
Collections of the Minnesota Historical Society for the Year 1867
The Service
A Fable for Critics
Fors Clavigera (Volume 4 of 8): Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
Illustrations of the birds of Jamaica
Some Roundabout Papers
Marie Antoinette and Her Son
The Parson's Daughter of Oxney Colne
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 23: 1576
The Bushman — Life in a New Country
An Account of Sa-Go-Ye-Wat-Ha, or Red Jacket, and His People, 1750-1830
The History of Rome, Book V: The Establishment of the Military Monarchy
Gladys, the Reaper
Another World: Fragments from the Star City of Montalluyah
May Brooke
Mary S. Peake: The Colored Teacher at Fortress Monroe
The Cliff Climbers: A Sequel to "The Plant Hunters"
Bertie's Home; or, the Way to be Happy
Victor's Triumph: Sequel to A Beautiful Fiend
Little Frankie on a Journey
Materialized apparitions : $b if not beings from another life, what are they
The School Friends; Or, Nothing New
The Bible and Polygamy: Does the Bible Sanction Polygamy?
Wild Sports in the Far West
Home Scenes and Heart Studies
Armenia: A year at Erzeroom, and on the frontiers of Russia, Turkey, and Persia
Comediettas and Farces
Primrose Hill Park, Regent's Park, and Hampstead Heath
Forest Glen; or, The Mohawk's Friendship
Advice to young men and boys: A series of addresses delivered by B. B. Comegys to the pupils of Girard College
Mary Derwent : $b a tale of Wyoming and Mohawk Valleys in 1778
The boy's book of battle-lyrics : $b a collection of verses illustrating some notable events in the history  of the United States of America, from the colonial period to the outbreak of the sectional war
Sylvia's Lovers — Volume 1
The Constitutional History of England from 1760 to 1860
Phaethon: Loose Thoughts for Loose Thinkers
The Wide, Wide World
Afar in the Forest
A Voyage round the World: A book for boys
The Three Commanders
The Letters of Charles Dickens. Vol. 3, 1836-1870
Slavery: What it was, what it has done, what it intends to do: Speech of Hon. Cydnor B. Tompkins, of Ohio
Say and Seal, Volume II
Eight days in New-Orleans in February, 1847
Joseph in the Snow, and The Clockmaker. In Three Volumes. Vol. I.
Antony Waymouth; Or, The Gentlemen Adventurers
The Young Yagers: A Narrative of Hunting Adventures in Southern Africa
Flags: Some Account of their History and Uses
The Freebooters: A Story of the Texan War
A conchological manual
Pearl-Fishing; Choice Stories from Dickens' Household Words; First Series
John Gutenberg, First Master Printer: His Acts and Most Remarkable Discourses and his Death
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 17 (of 20)
The Young Ship-Builders of Elm Island
A History of North American Birds; Land Birds; Vol. 3 of 3
The King's Ring: Being a Romance of the Days of Gustavus Adolphus and the Thirty Years' War
The Past and the Present Condition, and the Destiny, of the Colored Race:: A Discourse Delivered at the Fifteenth Anniversary of the Female Benevolent Society of Troy, N. Y., Feb. 14, 1848
The Little Dauphin
Death disarmed of its sting: A tribute to the memory of the Hon. Roger Minott Sherman, being the discourse preached at his funeral, January 2, 1845
The Naturalist in Vancouver Island and British Columbia, Volume 1 (of 2)
Betsy Baker! or, Too Attentive by Half; A Farce, in One Act
Sylvia's Lovers — Volume 2
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 08: 1563-64
The Voyage of Verrazzano: A Chapter in the Early History of Maritime Discovery in America
The Confession of a Child of the Century
Recollections of Bytown and Its Old Inhabitants
In New Granada; Or, Heroes and Patriots
Roger Willoughby: A Story of the Times of Benbow
The Young Rajah
The History of Little Peter, the Ship Boy
History of the Confederate Powder Works
Legends of the Saxon Saints
A Woman's Wartime Journal: An account of the passage over a Georgia plantation of Sherman's army on the march to the sea, as recorded in the diary of Dolly Sumner Lunt
Speeches, Addresses, and Occasional Sermons, Volume 1 (of 3)
John Ronge; The Holy Coat of Treves; New German-Catholic Church
Baltimore and the Nineteenth of April, 1861: A Study of the War
Last of the Incas: A Romance of the Pampas
A Desperate Game: A Comic Drama in One Act
Divine Authority; Or, the Question: Was Joseph Smith Sent of God?
Rambles on Railways
Proposed Surrender of the Prayer-Book and Articles of the Church of England: A Letter to the Lord Bishop of London on Professor Stanley's Views of Clerical and University "Subscription"
An Address to the Sisters of St. Peter's Home, Brompton
Travels in the Interior of Brazil: Principally through the northern provinces, and the gold and diamond districts, during the years 1836-1841
Memories of Lincoln
Psychomancy: Spirit-Rappings and Table-Tippings Exposed
Margaret and Her Friends: or, Ten conversations with Margaret Fuller upon the mythology of the Greeks and its expression in art, held at the house of the Rev. George Ripley, Bedford Place, Boston, beginning March 1, 1841
Nouvellettes of the musicians
The old English dramatists
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 18: 1572
History of the Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of Michigan: A Grammar of Their Language, and Personal and Family History of the Author
Home-Life of the Lancashire Factory Folk during the Cotton Famine
The Uprising of a Great People: The United States in 1861. to Which is Added a Word of Peace on the Difference Between England the United States.
The Mother's Recompense, Volume 1: A Sequel to Home Influence
The Death-Wake: or Lunacy; a Necromaunt in Three Chimeras
Daisy in the Field
Hendricks the Hunter; Or, The Border Farm: A Tale of Zululand
The Gilpins and their Fortunes: A Story of Early Days in Australia
The Holy See and the Wandering of the Nations, from St. Leo I to St. Gregory I
Frondes Agrestes: Readings in 'Modern Painters'
In the School-Room: Chapters in the Philosophy of Education
The State of the Blessed Dead
Mrs. Halliburton's Troubles
Memorial of Mrs. Lucy Gilpatrick Marsh delivered June 22, 1868.
Fashion and Famine
Johnny Ludlow, Fifth Series
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 14 (of 20)
The Jesuits
Evolution
The Time of the End: or, the World, the Visible Church, and the People of God at the Advent of the Lord
Mary Gresley, and An Editor's Tales
Letters of Asa Gray; Vol. 1
Roland Yorke: A Sequel to "The Channings"
Round the Sofa; vol. 2
Young Men; In Business
Little Foxes
Welcome to the ransomed; or, Duties of the colored inhabitants of the District of Columbia
The Oxford Methodists : $b Memoirs of the Rev. Messrs. Clayton, Ingham, Gambold, Hervey, and Broughton, with biographical notices of others
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Complete (1574-84)
The Bride of Fort Edward: Founded on an Incident of the Revolution
Melbourne House, Volume 1
The Poor Gentleman
Personal reminiscences of early days in California, with other sketches : $b to which is added the story of his attempted assassination by a former associate on the supreme bench of the state
Gurre Kamilaroi,: or, Kamilaroi Sayings (1856)
Thoughts on Educational Topics and Institutions
Tales of the Sea, and of Our Jack Tars
The Plant Hunters: Adventures Among the Himalaya Mountains
John Whopper: The Newsboy
The Ethnology of the British Islands
The Advocate: A Novel
The Five Giants
Little Frankie at His Plays
Little Robins Learning to Fly
Pictures of German Life in the XVth, XVIth, and XVIIth Centuries, Vol. I.
Seldwyla Folks: Three Singular Tales
An Old Story of My Farming Days Vol. 1 (of 3).: (Ut Mine Stromtid)
Silent Struggles
A Key to Lord Tennyson's 'In Memoriam'
The History of the Last Trial by Jury for Atheism in England: A Fragment of Autobiography Submitted for the Perusal of Her Majesty's Attorney-General and the British Clergy
Iermola
Lancashire: Brief Historical and Descriptive Notes
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 09 (of 20)
Redemption
The Atonement, as taught by the Church of England: A Sermon
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Harriet Beecher Stowe
The Play-day Book: New Stories for Little Folks
Myra : $b the child of adoption : A romance of real life
An account of some kjoekkenmoeddings, or shell-heaps, in Maine and Massachusetts
The History of Samuel Titmarsh and the Great Hoggarty Diamond
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character
Froude's History of England
Vignettes of San Francisco
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 24: 1576-77
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 30: 1579-80
Friends in Council — First Series
The Old Homestead
The Channings: A Story
Scientific Essays and Lectures
Two Years Ago, Volume II.
The Youth of the Great Elector
The Golden Grasshopper: A story of the days of Sir Thomas Gresham
John Leech, His Life and Work, Vol. 2 [of 2]
A July Holiday in Saxony, Bohemia, and Silesia
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 06 (of 20)
Mademoiselle de Maupin, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Little Child's Book of Divinity: or Grandmamma's Stories about Bible Doctrines
The Doctrine of the Lord's Supper. As Taught by the Church of England
Richard Coeur de Lion and Blondel
Bamboo, Considered as a Paper-making Material: With remarks upon its cultivation and treatment. Supplemented by a consideration of the present position of the paper trade in relation to the supply of raw material.
The Ruins of the Roman City of Uriconium, at Wroxeter, near Shrewsbury
Bible-Burning: the substance of a sermon preached in St. Martin's Church, Birmingham, on Sunday evening, Dec. 10, 1848
Illustrations of the Birds of California, Texas, Oregon, British and Russian America
South Africa, vol. II.
St. Domingo, its revolution and its hero, Toussaint Louverture.
South Australia and Western Australia
Three plays by Frederic Hebbel
Twenty-five years in the West
Holly berries from Dickens
The Chateau of Prince Polignac
The House of Heine Brothers, in Munich
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 16: 1569-70
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585d
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1618
Quotations from John L. Motley Works
Sunny Memories of Foreign Lands, Volume 2
Occasional Papers: Selected from the Guardian, the Times, and the Saturday Review, 1846-1890, Vol. 2
The Vale of Cedars; Or, The Martyr
First impressions of the New World on two travellers from the Old, in the autumn of 1858
In the Eastern Seas
Life of Schamyl: And Narrative of the Circassian War of Independence Against Russia
A Red Wallflower
Popular Education: For the use of Parents and Teachers, and for Young Persons of Both Sexes
The Relations of the Federal Government to Slavery: Delivered at Fort Wayne, Ind., October 30th 1860
The May Flower, and Miscellaneous Writings
The Bandolero; Or, A Marriage among the Mountains
The Slavery Question: Speech of Hon. John M. Landrum, of La., Delivered in the House of Representatives, April 27, 1860
Amy Herbert
Johnny Ludlow, Third Series
Life of Kit Carson, the Great Western Hunter and Guide
Improvement in Fire-Arms and in the Apparatus Used Therewith: United States Patent Office Application
Life and Military Career of Major-General William Tecumseh Sherman
Honoré de Balzac
The Life and Experiences of an Ex-Convict in Port Macquarie
Ludwig Van Beethoven
The Cathedral
The Three Choirs: A Handbook to the Cathedrals of Gloucester, Hereford, and Worcester: A Complete Description of the Buildings, a History of Each Diocese and Biographical Notices of the Bishops
Going into Society
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 15: 1568, part II
The Duel Between France and Germany
Milton
Uncle Tom's Cabin: Entrance of Topsy
The Merchant of Berlin: An Historical Novel
The Mother's Recompense, Volume 2: A Sequel to Home Influence
From Death Into Life or, Twenty Years of My Ministry
The Rendezvous: 1907
Count Ulrich of Lindburg: A Tale of the Reformation in Germany
The Story of Nelson: also "The Grateful Indian", "The Boatswain's Son"
The Funny Philosophers, or Wags and Sweethearts.  A Novel
The Trappers of Arkansas; or, The Loyal Heart
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Volume 3 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
The Letters of Gracchus on the East India Question
The Unseen Hand; or, James Renfew and His Boy Helpers
The Old Man; or, Ravings and Ramblings round Conistone
The Youth of the Great Elector
A Popular Account of Thugs and Dacoits, the Hereditary Garotters and Gang-Robbers of India
Biographical catalogue of the portraits at Longleat in the county of Wilts, the seat of the Marquis of Bath
A New Story Book for Children
Wesley's Designated Successor: The Life, Letters, and Literary Labours of the Rev. John William Fletcher, Vicar of Madeley, Shropshire
Heartsease and Rue
The Lumley Autograph
The Mistletoe Bough
Prince Eugene and His Times
History of the United Netherlands, 1590a
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War — Complete (1609-15)
A Siren
McKinlay's Journal of Exploration in the Interior of Australia
The Twins: A Domestic Novel
Peter Trawl; Or, The Adventures of a Whaler
Peter Biddulph: The Story of an Australian Settler
The Boy Slaves
The Tiger Hunter
Cora and The Doctor; or, Revelations of A Physician's Wife
The Red Track: A Story of Social Life in Mexico
Twice Killed: A Farce in One Act
Arrows of the Chace, vol. 1/2: being a collection of scattered letters published chiefly in the daily newspapers 1840-1880
Charlie Bell, The Waif of Elm Island
Reports Relating to the Sanitary Condition of the City of London
Indian Sketches, Taken During an Expedition to the Pawnee and Other Tribes of American Indians (Vol. 1 of 2)
The Life or Legend of Gaudama, the Buddha of the Burmese (Volume II)
Mary Boyle, her book
Illustrations of the Croton Aqueduct
Good for evil : $b or, Rose Cottage
Dorothy Harcourt's secret : $b Sequel to "A deed without a name"
Old Fritz and the New Era
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1608a
Life and Death of John of Barneveld — Complete (1609-1623)
Self-Raised; Or, From the Depths
Himalayan Journals — Volume 1: Or, Notes of a Naturalist in Bengal, the Sikkim and Nepal Himalayas, the Khasia Mountains, etc.
Personal Experience of a Physician
Indian Frontier Policy; an historical sketch
Rides on Railways
Wych Hazel
In the Rocky Mountains
Adventures in the Far West
Landolin
Englefield Grange; or, Mary Armstrong's Troubles
It May Be True, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 19 (of 20)
Astronomy for Young Australians
All Saints' Day and Other Sermons
Hills of the Shatemuc
An Expository Outline of the "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation": With a Notice of the Author's "Explanations:" A Sequel to the Vestiges
The Last Look: A Tale of the Spanish Inquisition
Charley Laurel: A Story of Adventure by Sea and Land
The Two Shipmates
Addresses on the Revised Version of Holy Scripture
Minnie's Pet Cat
The proceedings of the Canadian Eclipse Party, 1869
William Shakespere, of Stratford-on-Avon: His Epitaph Unearthed, and the Author of the Plays run to Ground
Mildred Arkell: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 11 (of 20)
Eight Sermons on the Priesthood, Altar, and Sacrifice
Reports of Trials for Murder by Poisoning;: by Prussic Acid, Strychnia, Antimony, Arsenic, and Aconita. Including the trials of Tawell, W. Palmer, Dove, Madeline Smith, Dr. Pritchard, Smethurst, and Dr. Lamson, with chemical introduction and notes on the poisons used
Conformity to the World
The Younger Sister: A Novel, Vol. I.
Woodcock's Little Game: A Comedy-Farce, In Two Acts
Oswald Cray: A Novel
The changed brides
The little Barefoot : $b A tale
Flowers and fruit from the writings of Harriet Beecher Stowe
Elinor Wyllys; Or, The Young Folk of Longbridge: A Tale. Volume 1
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 06: 1560-61
Himalayan Journals — Volume 2: Or, Notes of a Naturalist in Bengal, the Sikkim and Nepal Himalayas, the Khasia Mountains, etc.
Handbook of Universal Literature, From the Best and Latest Authorities
The Life of St. Frances of Rome, and Others
Secret Band of Brothers: A Full and True Exposition of All the Various Crimes, Villanies, and Misdeeds of This Powerful Organization in the United States.
Marmaduke Merry: A Tale of Naval Adventures in Bygone Days
Mary Liddiard; Or, The Missionary's Daughter
Norman Vallery; or, How to Overcome Evil with Good
The Church of England cleared from the charge of Schism: Upon Testimonies of Councils and Fathers of the first six centuries
Epidemics Examined and Explained: or, Living Germs Proved by Analogy to be a Source of Disease
An Old Story of My Farming Days Vol. 2 (of 3).: (Ut Mine Stromtid)
John Leech, His Life and Work. Vol. 1 [of 2]
The Second War with England, Vol. 1 of 2
Mildred Arkell: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Volume 1 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
A Monograph of Odontoglossum
Cyprus: Historical and Descriptive
The Command in the Battle of Bunker Hill: With a Reply to "Remarks on Frothingham's History of the Battle, by S. Swett"
Notes of a naturalist in South America
The Two Treaties; or, Hope for Jerusalem
The Proportions of Truth
Memorials of Francis Storr: Sermons
Old Coaching Days: Some Incidents in the Life of Moses James Nobbs, the last of the Mail Coach Guards
Old Sports and Sportsmen; or, the Willey Country: with sketches of Squire Forester and his whipper-in Tom Moody
Fors Clavigera (Volume 5 of 8): Letters to the workmen and labourers of Great Britain
The heiress of Greenhurst : $b An autobiography
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 02: Introduction II
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1584-85a
History of the United Netherlands, 1586-89 — Complete
Speeches on Questions of Public Policy, Volume 1
A Brief History of Panics and Their Periodical Occurrence in the United States
Queechy, Volume II
Ronald Morton; or, the Fire Ships: A Story of the Last Naval War
Washed Ashore; Or, The Tower of Stormount Bay
Aunt Amy; or, How Minnie Brown learned to be a Sunbeam
The Project Gutenberg Works of John Lothrop Motley: A Linked Index for: The Rise of the Dutch Republic; The History of the United Netherlands; The Life and Death of John of Barneveld
Lost Lenore: The Adventures of a Rolling Stone
"Wanted, a Young Lady" : A Farce, in One Act
Pearl-Fishing; Choice Stories from Dickens' Household Words; Second Series
Inspiration: Its Nature and Extent
Letters from a Landscape Painter
The Hard-Scrabble of Elm Island
What Norman Saw in the West
A Second Letter on the late Post Office Agitation
A Letter to the Viscount Palmerston, M.P. &c. &c. &c. on the Monitorial System of Harrow School
Tales from Westminster Abbey Told to Children
The Life of Jesus Christ for the Young, Vol. 4: And His Life Depicted in a Gallery of Eighty Paintings
Lives of the Founders of the British Museum, Part 1 of 2: With Notices of Its Chief Augmentors and Other Benefactors, 1570-1870.
How he won her: $b A sequel to "Fair play."
Twenty years around the world
Beacon Lights of History, Volume 3 part 2: Renaissance and Reformation
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 12: 1567, part I
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 13: 1567, part II
Probabilities : An aid to Faith
Out of the deep : $b Words for the sorrowful
With Axe and Rifle
Mountain Moggy: The Stoning of the Witch
Hiawatha and the Iroquois Confederation: A Study in Anthropology. A Paper Read at the Cincinnati Meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, in August, 1881, under the Title of "A Lawgiver of the Stone Age."
Villegagnon: A Tale of the Huguenot Persecution
Summerfield: or, Life on a Farm
Chanticleer: A Thanksgiving Story of the Peabody Family
The Lost Kitty
Rome and Turkey in Connexion with the Second Advent
The White Scalper: A Story of the Texan War
John Leech's Pictures of Life and Character, Volume 2 (of 3): From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
Palissy the Huguenot Potter: A True Tale
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 04 (of 20)
Letters and Literary Memorials of Samuel J. Tilden, v. 2
The Jesuits: A correspondence relative to a lecture so entitled, recently delivered before the Islington Protestant Institute by the Rev. Edward Hoare, M.A., incumbent of Christ Church, Ramsgate
The faithful servant: A sermon, preached in St. Peter's, Southborough, on occasion of the death of the Rev. Stephen Langston
England's Stewardship: The Substance of a Sermon Preached on the Fast-Day, in Trinity Church, Tunbridge Wells
Sketches of St. Augustine: With a view of its history and advantages as a resort for invalids
The Younger Sister: A Novel, Vol. III.
The Fortunes of the Colville Family; or, A Cloud with its Silver Lining
Allworth Abbey
Prayer for the oppressed : $b A premium tract
The life of John Thompson, a fugitive slave : $b Containing his history of 25 years in bondage, and his providential escape
The rag pickers : $b and other stories
Miles Lawson : $b or, the Yews
Travels in southern Abyssinia, Volume 2 (of 2) : $b through the country of Adal to the kingdom of Shoa
Mohammed Ali and His House
John Bull on the Guadalquivir: From "Tales from All Countries"
A Walk from London to John O'Groat's: With Notes by the Way
Eulogy on Chief-Justice Chase: $b Delivered by William M. Evarts before the alumni of Dartmouth College, at Hanover
Our Sailors: Gallant Deeds of the British Navy during Victoria's Reign
Snow Shoes and Canoes: Or, The Early Days of a Fur-Trader in the Hudson Bay Territory
The Heir of Kilfinnan: A Tale of the Shore and Ocean
The Grateful Indian, and Other Stories
The Tenants of Malory, Volume 3
Little Nettie; or, Home Sunshine
He's Coming To-Morrow
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 13 (of 20)
Workhouse Nursing: The story of a successful experiment
The New Departure; Or, Thoughts for Loyal Churchmen
The Turning of the Tide; Or, Radcliffe Rich and His Patients
Lancashire Songs
Lewis Arundel; Or, The Railroad Of Life
What I Remember, Volume 1
Pens and Types: or Hints and Helps for Those who Write, Print, Read, Teach, or Learn
Biographical Notices of the Portraits at Hinchingbrook
The Tremendous Adventures of Major Gahagan
Mrs. General Talboys
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 01: Introduction I
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1600
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1604-05
Our Soldiers: Gallant Deeds of the British Army during Victoria's Reign
Won from the Waves
Minnie's Pet Lamb
Prehistoric Structures of Central America: Who Erected Them?
The Cruise of the Frolic
The White Squaw
The Story of Charles Strange: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Ten Years Among the Mail Bags: Or, Notes from the Diary of a Special Agent of the Post-Office Department
May Carols
The Pearl of the Andes: A Tale of Love and Adventure
Religious Poems
On the Construction of Catalogues of Libraries and Their Publication by Means of Separate, Stereotyped Titles: With Rules and Examples
A Tour to the River Saguenay, in Lower Canada
The Young Deliverers of Pleasant Cove
Masks and Faces; or, Before and Behind the Curtain: A Comedy in Two Acts
Fifteen Days: An Extract from Edward Colvil's Journal
Landmarks Medical and Surgical
Father Tom and the Pope : $b Or, a night in the Vatican
Capitola the Madcap
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 09: 1564-65
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1617
Parish Papers
The Missing Bride
Happy Jack, and Other Tales of the Sea
Clara Maynard; Or, The True and the False: A Tale of the Times
Taking Tales: Instructive and Entertaining Reading
Owen Hartley; or, Ups and Downs: A Tale of Land and Sea
Bertie and the Gardeners; or, The Way to be Happy
Opportunities
The Indian Captive: A narrative of the adventures and sufferings of Matthew Brayton in his thirty-four years of captivity among the Indians of north-western America
The Prime Minister
The Guerilla Chief, and Other Tales
History of American Socialisms
The Coming Night: A Sermon Preached in Cromer Church, on Friday, June 12, 1857, on occasion of the death of Anna Gurney
A Sermon Preached in York Minister, on St. Bartholomew's Day, Friday, August 24, 1877: on the Occasion of the Consecration of the Right Rev. Rowley Hill, Lord Bishop of Sodor and Man
Kiana: a Tradition of Hawaii
Notes Upon Indigo
Peculiar: A Tale of the Great Transition
The Iroquois; or, the bright side of Indian character
A walk in the Grisons : $b Being a third month in Switzerland
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 10: 1566, part I
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 20: 1573
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1609
The Mistress of the Manse
Political Recollections: 1840 to 1872
The Flag of Distress: A Story of the South Sea
Jack Buntline
Rome, Turkey and Jerusalem
The Prairie Flower: A Tale of the Indian Border
Stronghand; or, The Noble Revenge
Poganuc People: Their Loves and Lives
One year in Scandinavia : $b results of the gospel in Denmark and Sweden; sketches and observations on the country and people; remarkable events; late persecutions and present aspect of affairs
Sermons on the Scriptural Principles of our Protestant Church
Within the Maze: A Novel, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Virgil
The Gold Thread; and, Wee Davie: Two Stories for the Young
The discarded daughter; or, The children of the isle
The Percheron horse
The Man Who Kept His Money in a Box
History of the United Netherlands, 1588b
History of the United Netherlands, 1588c
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1607b
Thomas Hariot, the Mathematician, the Philosopher and the Scholar
The Opium Habit
Betty's Bright Idea; Deacon Pitkin's Farm; and the First Christmas of New England
Paul Gerrard, the Cabin Boy
The Old Arm-Chair
Yorkshire Family Romance
Popery: The Accommodation of Christianity to the Natural Heart
The Liberty Bell
On the apostolical succession: Parochial lectures, second series
The Great Victory—Its Cost and Its Value: Address delivered at Chestnut Hill, Pennsylvania, July 4th, 1865
Sanctification
A Second Letter to the Rev. William Maskell, M.A.: Some thoughts on the position of the Church of England, as to her dogmatic teaching
Orville College: A Story
A Letter on the Late Post Office Agitation
Wit, Humor, and Shakspeare: Twelve Essays
The Natural History of the Gent
Lives of the Founders of the British Museum, Part 2 of 2: With Notices of Its Chief Augmentors and Other Benefactors, 1570-1870.
Narrative of the Fenian invasion of Canada
The pearl of patience : $b Or, Maurice, and Kitty Maynard
Miss Sarah Jack of Spanish Town, Jamaica
The Confession of a Child of the Century — Volume 1
The Confession of a Child of the Century — Volume 3
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 03: 1555
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 22: 1574-76
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 27: 1577-78
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585b
Moral Science; a Compendium of Ethics
Will Weatherhelm: The Yarn of an Old Sailor
Ralph Clavering; Or, We Must Try Before We Can Do
No Quarter!
The Finger of Fate: A Romance
Trevethlan: A Cornish Story. Volume 3 (of 3)
Multiplied Blessings: Eighteen Short Readings
Religious Studies, Sketches and Poems
Remarks upon the First Report of the Royal Commission on Ritual in connection with the integrity of the Book of Common Prayer: A lecture delivered at the Annual Meeting of the Brighton Branch of the English Church Union, Nov. 27, 1867
Fundamental Philosophy, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Breadth, Freeness, and Yet Exclusiveness of the Gospel
Excursions in Art and Letters
The curse of Clifton : $b or, the widowed bride
Rose, Blanche, and Violet, Volume 2 (of 3)
Berlin and Sans-Souci; Or, Frederick the Great and His Friends
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1619-23
The Heroic Women of Early Indiana Methodism: An Address Delivered Before the Indiana Methodist Historical Society
The Purcell Papers: Index and Contents of the Three Volumes
The Tenants of Malory, Volume 2
Dr. Hardhack's Prescription: A Play for Children in Four Acts
The City of the Mormons; or, Three Days at Nauvoo, in 1842
Slavery and the Constitution
The Blessed Hope: A Sermon on the Death of Mrs. Francis Cunningham
Retained for the Defence: A Farce, in One Act
Charles Sumner: his complete works, volume 16 (of 20)
Life of Robert Stevenson, Civil Engineer
A Settler's 35 Years' Experience in Victoria, Australia: And how £6 8s. became £8,000
Edina: A Novel
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Jacob Holyoake
Prelude in E Minor, Op. 28, No. 4
Women and Politics
Senatorial Character: A Sermon in West Church, Boston, Sunday, 15th of March, After the Decease of Charles Sumner.
Joseph in the Snow, and The Clockmaker. In Three Volumes. Vol. II.
The Perils and Adventures of Harry Skipwith by Land and Sea
Mildred Arkell: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Foxholme Hall, and Other Tales
The World on Wheels, and Other Sketches
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Frank E. Smedley
Round the Sofa; vol. 1
The golden pennies, and other stories
Travels in southern Abyssinia, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b through the country of Adal to the kingdom of Shoa
La Mere Bauche: From Tales of All Countries
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585c
PG Edition of Netherlands series — Complete
Bitter-Sweet: A Poem
The Crock of Gold: A Rural Novel
Heart: A Social Novel
John Deane of Nottingham: Historic Adventures by Land and Sea
The Circassian Chief: A Romance of Russia
Trevethlan: A Cornish Story. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Wizard of West Penwith: A Tale of the Land's-End
Bessy Rane: A Novel
Biographical Catalogue of the Portraits at Panshanger, the Seat of Earl Cowper, K.G.
The Book of Light in the Hand of Love: A plea for the British and Foreign Bible Society: A sermon preached in St. Paul's Cathedral, on Tuesday, April 30, 1872
Queer little people
Rose, Blanche, and Violet, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 11: 1566, part II
History of the United Netherlands, 1592
Half a Century
The Amulet
Twice Lost
Papers on Health
The Rival Crusoes
The House in Town
A Mechanico-Physiological Theory of Organic Evolution
A Biographical Sketch of some of the Most Eminent Individuals which the Principality of Wales has produced since the Reformation
On the Curability of Certain Forms of Insanity, Epilepsy, Catalepsy, and Hysteria in Females
Frankie's dog Tony
Sanitary and Social Lectures and Essays
History of the United Netherlands, 1588d
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1600-02
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1605-07
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1618-19
Th' Barrel Organ
Melbourne House
A Sermon Preached in Christ Church, Hartford, January 29th, 1865: In Commemoration of the Rt. Rev. Thomas Church Brownell, D. D., LL. D., Third Bishop of Connecticut, and Presiding Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States by his Assistant and Successor
On the origin of inflammation of the veins: and of the causes, consequences, and treatment of purulent deposits
A Few Words on the Crystal Palace Question
Lectures on English poets
The Confession of a Child of the Century — Volume 2
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1586b
History of the United Netherlands, 1587c
Miriam Monfort: A Novel
Sketches and Tales Illustrative of Life in the Backwoods of New Brunswick: Gleaned from Actual Observation and Experience During a Residence of Seven Years in That Interesting Colony
Practical Rules for the Management of a Locomotive Engine: in the Station, on the Road, and in cases of Accident
Two Sermons Preached in the Parish Church of Nonington, Kent, January 17, 1864: being the Sunday following the Funeral of John Pemberton Plumptre, Esq.
Witnesses to Truth
Sermons for the Day
St. Martin's Eve: A Novel
Prospects of the Church of England: A sermon preached in the Parish Church of Doncaster, on Sunday evening, August 30, 1868, on the occasion of the first offertory in lieu of a church-rate
House and Home Papers: Seventh Edition
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1603-04
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1610b
Reminiscences of Sixty Years in Public Affairs, Vol. 1
Ben Hadden; or, Do Right Whatever Comes Of It
The Voyages of the "Ranger" and "Crusader": And what befell their Passengers and Crews.
A Complete Edition of the Works of Nancy Luce
Governor Winthrop's Return to Boston: An Interview with a Great Character
Clerical Subscription and the Act of Uniformity
Kate Aylesford: A Story of the Refugees
Thomas Reid
The Clay Industries, Including the Fictile & Ceramic Arts on the Banks of the Severn: with notices of the early use of Shropshire clays, the history of pottery, porcelain, &c. in the district
An elegy written among the ruins of an abbey
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585e-86a
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1586c
History of the United Netherlands, 1586d
History of the United Netherlands, 1588a
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1610c-12
The Corporation of London, Its Rights and Privileges
Saint Ursula: I. The Story of St. Ursula. II. The Dream of St. Ursula.
The Letter of Credit
The Story of Charles Strange: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Tuffy Todd's Adventure: A True Story
Church Ministry in Kensington: A Recent Case of Hieratical Teaching Scripturally Considered
The Believer Not Ashamed of the Gospel
A Sketch of the Life of Elizabeth T. Stone and of Her Persecutions: With an Appendix of Her Treatment and Sufferings While in the Charlestown McLean Assylum, Where She Was Confined Under the Pretence of Insanity
Welsh Nationality, and How Alone It is to Be Saved: A Sermon
A Tract for the Times: The Church and the Census
The new buggy
Andreas Hofer: An Historical Novel
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585e
Elizabeth: the Disinherited Daughter: By E. Ben Ez-er
Town and Country Sermons
The Story of Charles Strange: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Minnie Brown; or, The Gentle Girl
The Chimney-Corner
Memoirs of William Wordsworth
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 31: 1580-82
History of the United Netherlands, 1595
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1610a
The Lullaby, with Original Engravings
Reminiscences of Sixty Years in Public Affairs, Vol. 2
Arctic Adventures
"Nothing Between": The Special Doctrines Vindicated at the Reformation as Bearing upon the Spiritual Life of the Church
Transmission; or, Variation of Character Through the Mother
A voice from the fire : $b a sermon occasioned by the public burning of the Bible at Kingstown, by the Redemptorist Fathers, on the 5th of November, 1855
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 25: 1577, part II
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 29: 1578, part III
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1614-17
Government and Rebellion: A Sermon Delivered in the North Broad Street Presbyterian Church, Sunday Morning, April 28, 1861
It May Be True, Vol. 2 (of 3)
History of the United Netherlands, 1597-98
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1608b
Lewie; Or, The Bended Twig
Trevethlan: A Cornish Story. Volume 1 (of 3)
Within the Maze: A Novel, Vol. 2 (of 2)
James Sherman Kimball : $b A sketch
Historical Lectures and Essays
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 26: 1577, part III
History of the United Netherlands, 1590b
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1609-10
Court Netherleigh: A Novel
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 07: 1561-62
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 28: 1578, part II
History of the United Netherlands, 1587a
Gem of neatness : $b Or, the cousins
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 14: 1568, part I
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 17: 1570-72
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 21: 1573-74
History of the United Netherlands, 1590-92
The Red Court Farm: A Novel (Vol. 2 of 2)
Remarks upon the proposed destruction of the tower of the Parish Church of St. John, Hampstead
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1585f
History of the United Netherlands, 1588-89
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1609-14
Sea and Shore: A Sequel to "Miriam's Memoirs"
Kathrina—A Poem
History of the United Netherlands, 1598
Life and Death of John of Barneveld, Advocate of Holland : with a view of the primary causes and movements of the Thirty Years' War, 1613-15
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 32: 1582-84
A Roman Lawyer in Jerusalem : First Century
The Rise of the Dutch Republic — Volume 05: 1559-60
History of the United Netherlands from the Death of William the Silent to the Twelve Year's Truce, 1584
History of the United Netherlands, 1586c
Crime and Punishment
The Brothers Karamazov
War and Peace
A Doll's House : a play
White Nights and Other Stories: The Novels of Fyodor Dostoevsky, Volume X
Notes from the Underground
Anna Karenina
Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea
Madame Bovary
The Idiot
Around the World in Eighty Days
The Flowers of Evil
The possessed : $b or, The devils
The Grand Inquisitor
Black Beauty
A Journey to the Centre of the Earth
Hedda Gabler
The Adventures of Pinocchio
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Complete
Short Stories
The Tenniel Illustrations for Carroll's Alice in Wonderland
The Woman in White
An Enemy of the People
What Men Live By, and Other Tales
The Mysterious Island
Little Lucy's Wonderful Globe
Ancient Pagan and Modern Christian Symbolism: With an Essay on Baal Worship, on the Assyrian Sacred "Grove," and Other Allied Symbols
Nil Darpan; or, The Indigo Planting Mirror, A Drama.: Translated from the Bengali by a Native.
Life in the Eagle's Nest : $b A tale of Afghanistan
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall
The Princess and the Goblin
The Moonstone
Ghosts
Master and Man
Folk-Tales of Bengal
The Angel in the House
Heidi: (Gift Edition)
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
The Gambler
What Is Art?
A Journey to the Center of the Earth
Argentine Ornithology, Volume 1 (of 2): A descriptive catalogue of the birds of the Argentine Republic.
Memoirs of General William T. Sherman — Complete
Guy Falconer : $b or, The chronicles of the old Moat House
The triumph of the Innocents
Letters from Egypt
Leaves from the Note-Books of Lady Dorothy Nevill
Phantastes: A Faerie Romance for Men and Women
The Kasîdah of Hâjî Abdû El-Yezdî
Around the World in Eighty Days
The Kreutzer Sonata and Other Stories
The Adventures of Pinocchio
The Golden Dream
Poor Folk
Gypsy Sorcery and Fortune Telling: Illustrated by numerous incantations, specimens of medical magic, anecdotes and tales
The Violoncello and Its History
Black Beauty - The Autobiography of a Horse
Resurrection
The House of the Dead; or, Prison Life in Siberia: with an introduction by Julius Bramont
The Story-book of Science
Heidi
The Little Lame Prince and His Travelling Cloak
Lincoln's Yarns and Stories: A Complete Collection of the Funny and Witty Anecdotes That Made Lincoln Famous as America's Greatest Story Teller
The Art of Perfumery, and Methods of Obtaining the Odors of Plants: With Instructions for the Manufacture of Perfumes for the Handkerchief, Scented Powders, Odorous Vinegars, Dentifrices, Pomatums, Cosmetics, Perfumed Soap, Etc., to which is Added an Appendix on Preparing Artificial Fruit-Essences, Etc.
Dictionary of Quotations from Ancient and Modern, English and Foreign Sources: Including Phrases, Mottoes, Maxims, Proverbs, Definitions, Aphorisms, and Sayings of Wise Men, in Their Bearing on Life, Literature, Speculation, Science, Art, Religion, and Morals, Especially in the Modern Aspects of Them
Lilith: A Romance
"The Kingdom of God Is Within You": Christianity Not as a Mystic Religion but as a New Theory of Life
The Book of the Sword
Agnes Grey
India: What can it teach us?: A Course of Lectures Delivered before the University Of Cambridge
Bible animals : $b being a description of every living creature mentioned in the Scripture, from the ape to the coral.
From the Earth to the Moon; and, Round the Moon
A Harmony of the Gospels for Students of the Life of Christ: Based on the Broadus Harmony in the Revised Version
The Whitehouse Cookbook (1887): Cooking, Toilet and Household Recipes, Menus, Dinner-Giving, Table Etiquette, Care of the Sick, Health Suggestions, Facts Worth Knowing, Etc., Etc.; The Whole Comprising a Comprehensive Cyclopedia of Information for the Home
Tom Brown's School Days
From the Earth to the Moon
Heidi
At the Back of the North Wind
At the Back of the North Wind
The Light Princess
My Life in Many States and in Foreign Lands, Dictated in My Seventy-Fourth Year
The Poems and Prose Poems of Charles Baudelaire: with an Introductory Preface by James Huneker
Stavrogin's Confession and The Plan of The Life of a Great Sinner: With Introductory and Explanatory Notes
In Search of the Castaways; Or, The Children of Captain Grant
The Gospel According to Peter: A Study
The Underground Railroad: A Record of Facts, Authentic Narratives, Letters, &c., Narrating the Hardships, Hair-Breadth Escapes and Death Struggles of the Slaves in Their Efforts for Freedom, As Related by Themselves and Others, or Witnessed by the Author.
Vikram and the Vampire: Classic Hindu Tales of Adventure, Magic, and Romance
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen Vol. 10 (of 11)
Salammbo
Travels in the Central Parts of Indo-China (Siam), Cambodia, and Laos (Vol. 1 of 2): During the Years 1858, 1859, and 1860
Woodcraft and Camping
Martyria; or, Andersonville Prison
A Selection from the Works of Frederick Locker
Robbery under Arms: A Story of Life and Adventure in the Bush and in the Australian Goldfields
Yachting, Vol. 1
Five Weeks in a Balloon: Or, Journeys and Discoveries in Africa by Three Englishmen
Lorna Doone: A Romance of Exmoor
Childhood
Sentimental Education; Or, The History of a Young Man. Volume 1
Ben-Hur: A tale of the Christ
A Letter to a Hindu
South Africa and the Boer-British War, Volume I: Comprising a History of South Africa and its people, including the war of 1899 and 1900
Camille (La Dame aux Camilias)
The Master Builder
The Dog Crusoe and His Master
The Art of Travel; Or, Shifts and Contrivances Available in Wild Countries
The Great Controversy Between Christ and Satan
Tolstoy on Shakespeare: A Critical Essay on Shakespeare
A Glossary of Provincial Words & Phrases in use in Somersetshire
The Princess and the Goblin
After Dark
Hobson-Jobson: A Glossary of Colloquial Anglo-Indian Words and Phrases, and of Kindred Terms, Etymological, Historical, Geographical and Discursive
The Condition of the Working-Class in England in 1844: with a Preface written in 1892
Pinocchio: The Tale of a Puppet
The Cossacks: A Tale of 1852
The Great Conspiracy, Complete
War and Peace, Book 01: 1805
The Oregon Trail: Sketches of Prairie and Rocky-Mountain Life
Unspoken Sermons, Series I., II., and III.
The Old Showmen and the Old London Fairs
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Richard F. Burton
When We Dead Awaken
Anglo-Saxon Literature
A Simple Soul
All Around the Moon
The Life of the Spider
The Olden Time Series, Vol. 4: Quaint and Curious Advertisements: Gleanings Chiefly from Old Newspapers of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts
A Latin Grammar for Schools and Colleges
Amiel's Journal: The Journal Intime of Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Our Italy
Woman, Church & State: The Original Exposé of Male Collaboration Against the Female Sex
Personal Narrative of a Pilgrimage to Al-Madinah & Meccah — Volume 2
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Leon Tolstoy
Fabre's Book of Insects
Celebrated Travels and Travellers, Part 1.: The Exploration of the World
Popular Rhymes and Nursery Tales: A Sequel to the Nursery Rhymes of England
Social Life in the Insect World
The origin of the family, private property, and the state
The Princess and the Goblin
Our Cats and All About Them: Their Varieties, Habits, and Management; and for Show, the Standard of Excellence and Beauty; Described and Pictured
Finger Prints
The Coral Island: A Tale of the Pacific Ocean
Baudelaire: His Prose and Poetry
My Doggie and I
The Cook's Oracle; and Housekeeper's Manual
The Heroes of Asgard: Tales from Scandinavian Mythology
A Journey into the Interior of the Earth
The Garret and the Garden; Or, Low Life High Up
Father Sergius
Witch, Warlock, and Magician: Historical Sketches of Magic and Witchcraft in England and Scotland
Burial Mounds of the Northern Sections of the United States
The Little Duke: Richard the Fearless
Days and hours in a garden
The Temptation of St. Antony; Or, A Revelation of the Soul
'Midst the Wild Carpathians
"I Say No"
An Antarctic Mystery
The Olden Time Series, Vol. 6: Literary Curiosities: Gleanings Chiefly from Old Newspapers of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts
Eingeschneit: Eine Studentengeschichte
Modern Magic
A Doll's House
The Story of the Philippines: Natural Riches, Industrial Resources, Statistics of Productions, Commerce and Population; The Laws, Habits, Customs, Scenery and Conditions of the Cuba of the East Indies and the Thousand Islands of the Archipelagoes of India and Hawaii, With Episodes of Their Early History; The Eldorado of the Orient; Personal Character Sketches of and Interviews with Admiral Dewey, General Merritt, General Aguinaldo and the Archbishop of Manila; History and Romance, Tragedies and Traditions of our Pacific Possessions; Events of the War in the West with Spain, and the Conquest of Cuba and Porto Rico
A Dish of Orts : Chiefly Papers on the Imagination, and on Shakespeare
The forged coupon, and other stories
Parish Priests and Their People in the Middle Ages in England
The Jew, The Gypsy and El Islam
Captivity of the Oatman Girls: Being an Interesting Narrative of Life Among the Apache and Mohave Indians
A Little Journey in the World
Cradock Nowell: A Tale of the New Forest. Vol. 1 (of 3)
From Manassas to Appomattox: Memoirs of the Civil War in America
The Queen of Hearts
The Heir of Redclyffe
Oxford and Her Colleges: A View from the Radcliffe Library
Teutonic Mythology: Gods and Goddesses of the Northland, Vol. 1
Facts About Champagne and Other Sparkling Wines
Hunting the Lions
The Voyages and Adventures of Captain Hatteras
Malcolm
The Principles of Biology, Volume 1 (of 2)
Bouvard and Pécuchet: A Tragi-comic Novel of Bourgeois Life, part 1
Ancient legends, Mystic Charms & Superstitions of Ireland: With sketches of the Irish past
The Little Lame Prince
Dariel: A Romance of Surrey
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Fyodor Dostoevsky
The Malay Archipelago, Volume 1: The Land of the Orang-utan and the Bird of Paradise; A Narrative of Travel, with Studies of Man and Nature
"The Kingdom of God Is Within You": Christianity Not as a Mystic Religion but as a New Theory of Life
Absolute Surrender and Other Addresses
The Adventures of Mr. Verdant Green
Boyhood
Notes on Nursing: What It Is, and What It Is Not
Heidi
The Coral Island
From the Earth to the Moon, Direct in Ninety-Seven Hours and Twenty Minutes: and a Trip Round It
The Young Step-Mother; Or, A Chronicle of Mistakes
The plant-lore & garden-craft of Shakespeare
Legends and Lyrics. Part 1
The Man Without a Country, and Other Tales
Matthew Arnold's Sohrab and Rustum and Other Poems
The French Revolution - Volume 1
Insect Adventures
The Amazing Marriage — Complete
Songs of the West: Folk Songs of Devon & Cornwall Collected from the Mouths of the People
Among the Pines; or, South in Secession Time
The Temptation of St. Anthony
The English Gipsies and Their Language
The Law and the Lady
Chips from a German Workshop, Volume 3: Essays on Literature, Biography, and Antiquities
The Life of Columbus: From His Own Letters and Journals and Other Documents of His Time
The Haunted Hotel: A Mystery of Modern Venice
My Religion
Russian Folk-Tales
Lectures on the Science of Language
Sevastopol
No Name
The Industrial Arts in Spain
In the year 2889
Culture and Anarchy
The English Constitution
A History of the Inquisition of the Middle Ages; volume I
The Princess and Curdie
The Adventures of A Brownie: As Told to My Child by Miss Mulock
By-ways in Book-land: Short Essays on Literary Subjects
Where Love is There God is Also
Michael Strogoff; Or, The Courier of the Czar
History of France
Army Life in a Black Regiment
About Ireland
Witch Stories
Timar's Two Worlds
Hesperothen; Notes from the West, Vol. 2 (of 2): A Record of a Ramble in the United States and Canada in the Spring and Summer of 1881
The Mysterious Island
Sex in Education; or, A Fair Chance for Girls
The Guinea Voyage: A Poem in Three Books: To Which Are Added Observations on a Voyage to the Coast of Africa
A Book for All Readers: An Aid to the Collection, Use, and Preservation of Books and the Formation of Public and Private Libraries
Four Young Explorers; Or, Sight-Seeing in the Tropics
Love and Life: An Old Story in Eighteenth Century Costume
The Gypsies
In the Wilderness
A Double Story
Armadale
The Personal Life of David Livingstone: Chiefly from his Unpublished Journals and Correspondence in the Possession of His Family
A Houseful of Girls
The Complete Project Gutenberg Writings of Charles Dudley Warner
Fables for Children, Stories for Children, Natural Science Stories, Popular Education, Decembrists, Moral Tales
Running a Thousand Miles for Freedom: Or, The Escape of William and Ellen Craft from Slavery
Cyprus, as I Saw It in 1879
Battle Studies; Ancient and Modern Battle
The Battle of Gettysburg
Recollections and Impressions, 1822-1890
The Game Fish, of the Northern States and British Provinces: With an account of the salmon and sea-trout fishing of Canada and New Brunswick, together with simple directions for tying artificial flies, etc., etc.
A Memoir of Robert Blincoe, an Orphan Boy: Sent from the workhouse of St. Pancras, London, at seven years of age, to endure the horrors of a cotton-mill, through his infancy and youth, with a minute detail of his sufferings, being the first memoir of the kind published.
The Albert N'Yanza, Great Basin of the Nile, And Explorations of the Nile Sources
English As We Speak It in Ireland
Tales of the Enchanted Islands of the Atlantic
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel: A History of a Father and Son
The Power of Darkness
Student's Hand-book of Mushrooms of America, Edible and Poisonous
The Magic of the Middle Ages
Celebrated Travels and Travellers, Part 2.: The Great Navigators of the Eighteenth Century
Rhymes for the Young Folk
Recollections of Abraham Lincoln, 1847-1865
Uncle's Dream; and The Permanent Husband
Little Mittens for The Little Darlings: Being the Second Book of the Series
The History of Signboards, from the Earliest times to the Present Day
Master and Man
Pearls of Thought
Shifts and expedients of camp life, travel & exploration
Sir Gibbie
The Storm
Hunted and Harried
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Jules Verne
A Diary from Dixie: As written by Mary Boykin Chesnut, wife of James Chesnut, Jr., United States Senator from South Carolina, 1859-1861, and afterward an Aide to Jefferson Davis and a Brigadier-General in the Confederate Army
The Lake Regions of Central Africa: A Picture of Exploration, Vol. 1
Darwinism (1889): An exposition of the theory of natural selection, with some of its applications
Robert Falconer
The Atlantic Telegraph (1865)
The Modern Regime, Volume 1
First Footsteps in East Africa
The Princess and Curdie
Ancient Law: Its Connection to the History of Early Society
The Light Princess
The Discovery of the Source of the Nile
The Verbalist: A Manual Devoted to Brief Discussions of the Right and the Wrong Use of Words and to Some Other Matters of Interest to Those Who Would Speak and Write with Propriety.
A Manual of Wood Carving
The Maid of Sker
Philosophy of Osteopathy
Yachting, Vol. 2
Herodias
The Octoroon; or, Life in Louisiana. A Play in Five acts
The Enemies of Books
The Ancient Regime
The Legend of Ulenspiegel, Volume 1 (of 2): And Lamme Goedzak, and their Adventures Heroical, Joyous and Glorious in the Land of Flanders and Elsewhere
France and England in North America, Part VI : Montcalm and Wolfe
The Ocean and Its Wonders
Tom Brown at Oxford
English Literature, Considered as an Interpreter of English History: Designed as a Manual of Instruction
Miscellaneous Writings, 1883-1896
History of Christian names
Tales From Jókai
From Egypt to Japan
Haunted London
Max Havelaar; $b or, the coffee auctions of the Dutch trading company
Lucretia Borgia According to Original Documents and Correspondence of Her Day
The Giant of the North: Pokings Round the Pole
Northern Travel: Summer and Winter Pictures of Sweden, Denmark and Lapland
A Hidden Life and Other Poems
Olive: A Novel
The Vegetable Lamb of Tartary: A Curious Fable of the Cotton Plant.: To Which Is Added a Sketch of the History of Cotton and the Cotton Trade
The Diamond Lens
Caxton's Book: A Collection of Essays, Poems, Tales, and Sketches.
Adventures of a Young Naturalist
Humility: The Beauty of Holiness
The Lady from the Sea
The Legend of the Glorious Adventures of Tyl Ulenspiegel in the land of Flanders and elsewhere
A family of noblemen
Revolutionary Heroes, and Other Historical Papers
Paris under the Commune: The Seventy-Three Days of the Second Siege; with Numerous Illustrations, Sketches Taken on the Spot, and Portraits (from the Original Photographs)
Building a State in Apache Land
The inquisition in the Spanish dependencies: Sicily—Naples—Sardinia—Milan—the Canaries—Mexico—Peru—New Granada
Digging for Gold: Adventures in California
Rogers' Directory of Norwich and Neighbourhood
The Gilded Age, Part 3.
The Hope of the Gospel
The Wonders of Instinct: Chapters in the Psychology of Insects
Robur the Conqueror
Socialism, Utopian and Scientific
Celtic Literature
A Report on Washington Territory
Life of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen — Volume 1
The nameless castle
Heart and Science: A Story of the Present Time
The Poor Plutocrats
First Principles
Celebrated Travels and Travellers, Part 3.: The Great Explorers of the Nineteenth Century
The Origin of the World According to Revelation and Science
Three Short Works: The Dance of Death, the Legend of Saint Julian the Hospitaller, a Simple Soul
Catalogue of Economic Plants in the Collection of the U. S. Department of Agriculture
Vikram and the Vampire; or, Tales of Hindu Devilry
The Brick Moon, and Other Stories
Troy and Its Remains: A Narrative of Researches and Discoveries Made on the Site of Ilium and in the Trojan Plain
Our Nig; Or, Sketches from the Life of a Free Black, in a Two-story White House, North: Showing That Slavery's Shadows Fall Even There
Personal Narrative of a Pilgrimage to Al-Madinah & Meccah — Volume 1
Six Lectures on Light: Delivered In The United States In 1872-1873
The Scottish Reformation: Its Epochs, Episodes, Leaders, and Distinctive Characteristics
Sea Monsters Unmasked, and Sea Fables Explained
The mythology of Greece and Rome, with special reference to its use in art
Six Months at the Cape
Old Rome: A Handbook to the Ruins of the City and the Campagna
On the Development and Distribution of Primitive Locks and Keys
The History, Theory, and Practice of Illuminating: Condensed from 'The Art of Illuminating' by the same illustrator and author
Kate Vernon: A Tale. Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Babes in the Basket; or, Daph and Her Charge
A classical dictionary: containing a copious account of all the proper names mentioned in ancient authors with tables of coins, weights, and measures used among the Greeks and Romans and a chronological table
Horace
Phoebe, Junior
The Awakening of China
On the Genesis of Species
Abandoned
A Defence of Virginia: And Through Her, of the South, in Recent and Pending Contests Against the Sectional Party
Fanny Campbell, The Female Pirate Captain: A Tale of The Revolution
Thomas Wingfold, Curate
Christmas Comes but Once a Year: Showing What Mr. Brown Did, Thought, and Intended to Do, During That Festive Season.
Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature
Old Times in Dixie Land: A Southern Matron's Memories
Fat and Blood: An Essay on the Treatment of Certain Forms of Neurasthenia and Hysteria
A Reputed Changeling; Or, Three Seventh Years Two Centuries Ago
Holy in Christ: Thoughts on the Calling of God's Children to be Holy as He is Holy
The Harvest of the Sea: A contribution to the natural and economic history of the British food fishes
Diana of the Crossways — Complete
The Battle of New Orleans: including the Previous Engagements between the Americans; and the British, the Indians and the Spanish which led to; the Final Conflict on the 8th of January, 1815
Off on a Comet! a Journey through Planetary Space
The Life of Abraham Lincoln, from His Birth to His Inauguration as President
Miss Ravenel's conversion from secession to loyalty
The corset and the crinoline : $b A book of modes and costumes from remote periods to the present time
The Little Lame Prince
The Master of the World
Letters from the Cape
Madame Bovary: A Tale of Provincial Life, Vol. 1 (of 2)
In Darkest England, and the Way Out
The Marquis of Lossie
Genius in Sunshine and Shadow
Youth
Manners & Cvstoms of ye Englyshe: Drawn from ye Qvick
The Prince of India; Or, Why Constantinople Fell — Volume 01
The Strange Story of Rab Ráby
What Shall We Do?
The Middy and the Moors: An Algerine Story
The Nut Culturist: A Treatise on Propogation, Planting, and Cultivation of Nut Bearing Trees and Shrubs Adapted to the Climate of the United States
A Thousand Miles in the Rob Roy Canoe on Rivers and Lakes of Europe
A History of Germany from the Earliest Times to the Present Day
Curiosities of Superstition, and Sketches of Some Unrevealed Religions
An Essay on Comedy and the Uses of the Comic Spirit
Death Valley in '49: Important chapter of California pioneer history. The autobiography of a pioneer, detailing his life from a humble home in the Green Mountains to the gold mines of California; and particularly reciting the sufferings of the band of men, women and children who gave "Death Valley" its name
Janet's Love and Service
Other Fools and Their Doings, or, Life among the Freedmen
The Chaplet of Pearls
The Secret of the Island
History of the Discovery of the Northwest by John Nicolet in 1634: With a Sketch of his Life
Stories of Heroic Deeds for Boys and Girls: Historical Series - Book II
Hours of Exercise in the Alps
Science and Health, with Key to the Scriptures
Pillars of Society
Black Diamonds: A Novel
The Slaves of the Padishah
Saunterings in and about London
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; vol. 1 of 2: Being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics
The French Revolution - Volume 2
Elsie Dinsmore
Hide and Seek
Fragments of Science: A Series of Detached Essays, Addresses, and Reviews. V. 1-2
Germinie Lacerteux
Eidolon; or, The Course of a Soul; and Other Poems
Library Notes
The Devil
Hugh Wynne, Free Quaker: Sometime Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel on the Staff of his Excellency General Washington
There & Back
Bibliomania in the Middle Ages
The Girl of the Period, and Other Social Essays, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Story of the Bible Animals: A Description of the Habits and Uses of every living Creature mentioned in the Scriptures, with Explanation of Passages in the Old and New Testament in which Reference is made to them
The Long Vacation
The Pillars of the House; Or, Under Wode, Under Rode, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Guy Livingstone; or, 'Thorough'
Handbook of the Trees of New England
The Dead Secret: A Novel
Cameos from English History, from Rollo to Edward II
Beechcroft at Rockstone
True Manliness: From the Writings of Thomas Hughes
Keely and His Discoveries: Aerial Navigation
William Harvey and the Discovery of the Circulation of the Blood
Dick Sand: A Captain at Fifteen
In the Track of the Troops
Under the Waves: Diving in Deep Waters
"Bethink Yourselves!"
My Life in China and America
American Hand Book of the Daguerreotype
France and England in North America, Part II: The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century
Expositions of Holy Scripture: the Acts
Three short works: The Dance of Death, the Legend of Saint Julian the Hospitaller, a Simple Soul.
The Unknown Eros
The Other Girls
France and England in North America, Part VII, Vol 1: A Half-Century of Conflict
Sentimental Education; Or, The History of a Young Man. Volume 2
Delineations of the Ox Tribe: The Natural History of Bulls, Bisons, and Buffaloes.: Exhibiting all the Known Species and the More Remarkable Varieties of the Genus Bos.
The Impending Crisis of the South: How to Meet It
Gaudeamus! Humorous Poems
Annals of the Bodleian Library, Oxford, A.D. 1598-A.D. 1867: With a Preliminary Notice of the earlier Library founded in the Fourteenth Century
Poems in Prose
Sacred Mysteries Among the Mayas and the Quiches, 11,500 Years Ago: Their relation to the sacred mysteries of Egypt, Greece, Chaldea and India. Free Masonry in times anterior to the Temple of Solomon.
Little Novels
The Clever Woman of the Family
Black Beauty, Young Folks' Edition
The Seat of Empire
Poems — Volume 2
Chips from a German Workshop, Volume 1: Essays on the Science of Religion
France and England in North America, Part III: La Salle, Discovery of The Great West
The Egoist: A Comedy in Narrative
Faith Gartney's Girlhood
Destruction and Reconstruction:: Personal Experiences of the Late War
The Story of John G. Paton; Or, Thirty Years Among South Sea Cannibals
A New Illustrated Edition of J. S. Rarey's Art of Taming Horses: With the Substance of the Lectures at the Round House, and Additional Chapters on Horsemanship and Hunting, for the Young and Timid
Spain
Inquiries into Human Faculty and Its Development
Basque Legends; With an Essay on the Basque Language
The Squatter's Dream: A Story of Australian Life
Plymouth memories of an octogenarian
In the Heart of Africa
My Beautiful Lady.  Nelly Dale
The Legend of Ulenspiegel, Volume 2 (of 2): And Lamme Goedzak, and their Adventures Heroical, Joyous and Glorious in the Land of Flanders and Elsewhere
The Desert World
A Manual of the Art of Bookbinding: Containing full instructions in the different branches of forwarding, gilding, and finishing. Also, the art of marbling book-edges and paper.
Teutonic Mythology: Gods and Goddesses of the Northland, Vol. 3
Fungi: Their Nature and Uses
Tom Brown at Rugby
From the Easy Chair, Volume 3
The Conspiracy of Pontiac and the Indian War after the Conquest of Canada
Vine and Olive; Or, Young America in Spain and Portugal: A Story of Travel and Adventure
Life of Rear Admiral John Randolph Tucker
The Lamplighter
Seaside Studies in Natural History. Marine Animals of Massachusetts Bay. Radiates.
The Ancient Bronze Implements, Weapons, and Ornaments, of Great Britain and Ireland.
One of the Six Hundred: A Novel
Teutonic Mythology: Gods and Goddesses of the Northland, Vol. 2
History of English Literature Volume 3 (of 3)
Views A-foot; Or, Europe Seen with Knapsack and Staff
The Golden Dream: Adventures in the Far West
The Iron Horse
The Golden Age in Transylvania
The Expositor's Bible: The Psalms, Vol. 1: Psalms I.-XXXVIII.
To The Gold Coast for Gold: A Personal Narrative. Vol. I
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
An Architect's Note-Book in Spain: principally illustrating the domestic architecture of that country.
Unknown to History: A Story of the Captivity of Mary of Scotland
The Philosophy of Style
The Treaties of Canada with the Indians of Manitoba and the North-West Territories: Including the Negotiations on Which They Were Based, and Other Information Relating Thereto
The Student's Mythology: A Compendium of Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Assyrian, Persian, Hindoo, Chinese, Thibetian, Scandinavian, Celtic, Aztec, and Peruvian Mythologies
Field, Forest and Farm: Things interesting to young nature-lovers, including some matters of moment to gardeners and fruit-growers
Smoking and Drinking
Travels in the Central Parts of Indo-China (Siam), Cambodia, and Laos (Vol. 2 of 2): During the Years 1858, 1859, and 1860
In Search of the Castaways: A Romantic Narrative of the Loss of Captain Grant of the Brig Britannia and of the Adventures of His Children and Friends in His Discovery and Rescue
The Story of a Governess
The Frozen Deep
The Fur Country: Or, Seventy Degrees North Latitude
Essays in eugenics
Victor Roy, a Masonic Poem
The Open Door, and the Portrait.: Stories of the Seen and the Unseen.
The Olden Time Series, Vol. 3: New-England Sunday: Gleanings Chiefly From Old Newspapers Of Boston And Salem, Massachusetts
The Invention of Printing.: A Collection of Facts and Opinions, Descriptive of Early Prints and Playing Cards, the Block-Books of the Fifteenth Century, the Legend of Lourens Janszoon Coster, of Haarlem, and the Work of John Gutenberg and His Associates
A Manual of Mending and Repairing; With Diagrams
Little Eyolf
The Life of Jesus
Freaks on the Fells: Three Months' Rustication
Dressed Game and Poultry à la Mode
Science and Culture, and Other Essays
Lombard Street: A Description of the Money Market
Mary Anerley: A Yorkshire Tale
Elsie's Girlhood: A Sequel to "Elsie Dinsmore" and "Elsie's Holidays at Roselands"
Girlhood and Womanhood: The Story of some Fortunes and Misfortunes
The Fairy Book: The Best Popular Stories Selected and Rendered Anew
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Second Corinthians, Galatians, and Philippians Chapters; I to End. Colossians, Thessalonians, and First Timothy.
Pretty Michal
Tom Brown's School Days
The British Expedition to the Crimea
Footprints of the Red Men: Indian geographical names in the valley of Hudson's river, the valley of the Mohawk, and on the Delaware: their location and the probable meaning of some of them.
My Summer in a Garden
The Life of the Fly; With Which are Interspersed Some Chapters of Autobiography
The Daisy Chain, or Aspirations
Dick Sands, the Boy Captain
Narrative of the Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake, Commanded By the Late Captain Owen Stanley, R.N., F.R.S. Etc. During the Years 1846-1850. — Volume 2: Including Discoveries and Surveys in New Guinea, the Louisiade Archipelago, Etc. to Which Is Added the Account of Mr. E.B. Kennedy's Expedition for the Exploration of the Cape York Peninsula. By John Macgillivray, F.R.G.S. Naturalist to the Expedition.
Woman's Work in the Civil War: A Record of Heroism, Patriotism, and Patience
Poems — Volume 1
John Halifax, Gentleman
Basil
Elsie's Vacation and After Events
Campfire and Battlefield: An Illustrated History of the Campaigns and Conflicts of the Great Civil War
Ghosts: A Domestic Tragedy in Three Acts
One of Our Conquerors — Complete
The Peterkin Papers
The Fairy Nightcaps
The Ministry of Intercession: A Plea for More Prayer
The Right to Ignore the State
Ancient Faiths And Modern: A Dissertation upon Worships, Legends and Divinities in Central and Western Asia, Europe, and Elsewhere, Before the Christian Era. Showing Their Relations to Religious Customs as They Now Exist.
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Revelation
The Underground City; Or, The Black Indies: (Sometimes Called The Child of the Cavern)
Black Ivory
The Cabin on the Prairie
Beauty and the Beast, and Tales of Home
A. W. Kinglake: A Biographical and Literary Study
Lay Sermons, Addresses and Reviews
Famous Adventures and Prison Escapes of the Civil War
The College, the Market, and the Court: or, Woman's relation to education, labor and law
The Days of Chivalry; Or, The Legend of Croquemitaine
The Blessed Damozel
Wanderings in Three Continents
Rembrandt
Debts of Honor
Cattle and Their Diseases: Embracing Their History and Breeds, Crossing and Breeding, and Feeding and Management; with the Diseases to Which They Are Subject, and the Remedies Best Adapted to Their Cure
The Silesian Horseherd - Questions of the Hour
'Jesus Himself'
Old and New London, Volume I: A Narrative of Its History, Its People, and Its Places
The Pillars of the House; Or, Under Wode, Under Rode, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Little Miss Grasshopper
The Life of the Scorpion
Modern ships of war
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Complete
Vassall Morton: A Novel
Miss Marjoribanks
Life of Isaac Mason as a Slave
Lilliput Lyrics
Ancient and Modern Furniture and Woodwork
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 04 (of 11)
Life and works of Alexander Csoma de Körös : $b A biography compiled chiefly from hitherto unpublished data
Donal Grant
Arbor Day Leaves: A Complete Programme For Arbor Day Observance, Including Readings, Recitations, Music, and General Information
The South Isles of Aran (County Galway)
Stories of Invention, Told by Inventors and their Friends
The Kingdom of God is Within You; What is Art?
The Red Cross in Peace and War
The Evolution of Culture, and Other Essays
Life and Times of Her Majesty Caroline Matilda, Vol. 1 (of 3): Queen of Denmark and Norway, and Sister of H. M. George III. of England
Hulme's Journal, 1818-19; Flower's Letters from Lexington and the Illinois, 1819; Flower's Letters from the Illinois, 1820-21; and Woods's Two Years' Residence, 1820-21
A Book of Strife in the Form of The Diary of an Old Soul
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Romans Corinthians (To II Corinthians, Chap. V)
Collected Essays, Volume V: Science and Christian Tradition: Essays
An Undivided Union
Borneo and the Indian Archipelago: with drawings of costume and scenery
British Butterflies: Figures and Descriptions of Every Native Species
Some Heroes of Travel: or, Chapters from the History of Geographical Discovery and Enterprise
The Castaways of the Flag: The Final Adventures of the Swiss Family Robinson
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood
Man's Place in Nature, and Other Essays
Stories of the Old World
The Apostles
America: A history
Twice round the clock; or, The hours of the day and night in London
The Mason-Bees
A Book of Golden Deeds
The Lands of the Saracen: Pictures of Palestine, Asia Minor, Sicily, and Spain
Day Symbols of the Maya Year: Sixteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1894-1895, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1897, pages 199-266.
Incidents of the War: Humorous, Pathetic, and Descriptive
The South of France—East Half
Cartoons by Sir John Tenniel, Selected from the Pages of "Punch"
The Adventures of a Special Correspondent Among the Various Races and Countries of Central Asia: Being the Exploits and Experiences of Claudius Bombarnac of "The Twentieth Century"
The Two Elsies: A Sequel to Elsie at Nantucket
The Awakening: (The Resurrection)
At the Back of the North Wind
The Cultivation of The Native Grape, and Manufacture of American Wines
Contributions to the Theory of Natural Selection: A Series of Essays
Peru in the Guano Age: Being a Short Account of a Recent Visit to the Guano Deposits, with Some Reflections on the Money They Have Produced and the Uses to Which It Has Been Applied
Moni the Goat Boy, and Other Stories
Poor Miss Finch
France and England in North America, Part V: Count Frontenac, New France, Louis XIV
Iola Leroy; Or, Shadows Uplifted
What Men Live By and Other Tales
The Glow-Worm and Other Beetles
The Philosophy of Art
Rosmersholm
Stories by American Authors, Volume 1
The English Orphans; Or, A Home in the New World
From Farm House to the White House: The life of George Washington, his boyhood, youth, manhood, public and private life and services
Argentine Ornithology, Volume 2 (of 2): A descriptive catalogue of the birds of the Argentine Republic.
In Bad Company, and other stories
The Manchester Man
The Yellow Frigate; or, The Three Sisters
M. or N. "Similia similibus curantur."
Essays on Education and Kindred Subjects: Everyman's Library
Lost in the Forest: Wandering Will's Adventures in South America
Geronimo's Story of His Life
Cudjo's Cave
Celebrated Women Travellers of the Nineteenth Century
Legends of Florence: Collected from the People, First Series
The Spanish Cavalier: A Story of Seville
Narrative of the Circumnavigation of the Globe by the Austrian Frigate Novara, Volume II: (Commodore B. Von Wullerstorf-Urbair,) Undertaken by Order of the Imperial Government in the Years 1857, 1858, & 1859, Under the Immediate Auspices of His I. and R. Highness the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian, Commander-In-Chief of the; Austrian Navy.
A Russian Proprietor, and Other Stories
The American Railway: Its Construction, Development, Management, and Appliances
Lorna Doone: A Romance of Exmoor
The House of Life
Chantry House
A History of the Inquisition of the Middle Ages; volume III
The Story of the Earth and Man
A Tour Through the Pyrenees
The Master's Indwelling
The Chemistry of Cookery
A Young Macedonian in the Army of Alexander the Great
The Naturalist on the River Amazons
Evan Harrington — Complete
Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 5
The Chosen People: A Compendium of Sacred and Church History for School-Children
The First Little Pet Book with Ten Short Stories in Words of Three and Four Letters
Problematic Characters: A Novel
The Wonderful Story of Ravalette
Fighting for the Right
The Origins of Contemporary France, Complete Table of Contents
Mystic London; or, Phases of occult life in the metropolis
Kate Vernon: A Tale. Vol. 2 (of 3)
A Picture of the Desolated States, and the Work of Restoration. 1865-1868
The Evolution of Theology: an Anthropological Study: Essay #8 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
The Portent and Other Stories
France in the Nineteenth Century
Grandmother Elsie
The Development of Embroidery in America
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Ephesians; Epistles of St. Peter and St. John
A Lieutenant at Eighteen
Vestiges of the Mayas: or, Facts Tending to Prove That Communications and Intimate Relations Must Have Existed, in Very Remote Times, Between the Inhabitants of Mayab and Those of Asia and Africa
The Malay Archipelago, Volume 2: The Land of the Orang-utan and the Bird of Paradise; A Narrative of Travel, with Studies of Man and Nature
Mary Marston
Notes on Nursing: What It Is, and What It Is Not
Ireland Under Coercion: The Diary of an American (1 of 2): (2nd ed.) (1888)
Elsie's Womanhood
The Light Princess and Other Fairy Stories
Fables of Infidelity and Facts of Faith: Being an Examination of the Evidences of Infidelity
Rambles Beyond Railways; or, Notes in Cornwall taken A-foot
Old and New Paris: Its History, Its People, and Its Places, v. 1
The Fair God; or, The Last of the 'Tzins: A Tale of the Conquest of Mexico
The Expositor's Bible: The Second Book of Samuel
The Orchid Album, Volume 2: Comprising Coloured Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, and Beautiful Orchidaceous Plants
Ultima Thule; or, A Summer in Iceland. vol. 1/2
The Two Destinies
Magnum Bonum; Or, Mother Carey's Brood
Rampolli
Daughters of the Revolution and Their Times: 1769 - 1776 A Historical Romance
Everyday Objects; Or, Picturesque Aspects of Natural History.
The Gilded Age, Part 1.
Military Reminiscences of the Civil War, Volume 1: April 1861-November 1863
The composition of Indian geographical names, illustrated from the Algonkin languages
The Live Corpse
The Thirty Years' War, 1618-1648
Wanderings in Corsica: Its History and Its Heroes. Vol. 1 of 2
St. Paul's Epistles to the Colossians and Philemon: A revised text with introductions, notes and dissertations
西海紀遊草
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 01 (of 11)
The French Revolution - Volume 3
Ismailia
Blind Love
Trial and Triumph
Life in the Red Brigade: London Fire Brigade
The Cause of it All
The William Henry Letters
The Interpreter: A Tale of the War
The Hammer: A Story of the Maccabean Times
Man and Wife
France and England in North America, Part I: Pioneers of France in the New World
Halil the Pedlar: A Tale of Old Stambul
Life of John Keats
Katerfelto: A Story of Exmoor
The literature of kissing : $b gleaned from history, poetry, fiction, and anecdote
The Evil Genius: A Domestic Story
Evolution and Ethics, and Other Essays
The Makers of Modern Rome, in Four Books
The Journal of Leo Tolstoi (First Volume—1895-1899)
It was a Lover and His Lass
The Invaders, and Other Stories
The Invasion of India by Alexander the Great as described by Arrian, Q. Curtius, Diodoros, Plutarch and Justin: Being Translations of such portions of the Works of these and other Classical Authors as describe Alexander's Campaigns in Afghanistan, the Panjâb, Sindh, Gedrosia and Karmania
A Rogue's Life
Antonina; Or, The Fall of Rome
Springhaven: A Tale of the Great War
The Dog Crusoe and His Master: A Story of Adventure in the Western Prairies
An Illustrated History of Ireland from AD 400 to 1800
Agatha's Husband: A Novel
A Reading Book in Irish History
The Baron's Sons: A Romance of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848
A History of the Inquisition of the Middle Ages; volume II
The Adventures of François: Foundling, Thief, Juggler, and Fencing-Master during the French Revolution
The Romance of a Poor Young Man
Musical Instruments, Historic, Rare and Unique
Stories of the Wars of the Jews: from the Babylonish captivity, to the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus
Physics and Politics, or, Thoughts on the application of the principles of "natural selection" and "inheritance" to political society
Complete Short Works of George Meredith
Paris: With Pen and Pencil: Its People and Literature, Its Life and Business
John Gabriel Borkman
The Crown of Success
Plays: Complete Edition, Including the Posthumous Plays
Watch and Wait; or, The Young Fugitives
My Autobiography: A Fragment
Chapters in the History of the Insane in the British Isles
The Chain of Life in Geological Time: A Sketch of the Origin and Succession of Animals and Plants
A History of the Inquisition of Spain; vol. 1
A Popular History of Ireland : from the Earliest Period to the Emancipation of the Catholics — Complete
The Dead Alive
Expositions of Holy Scripture: St. Mark
Narrative of the Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake, Commanded By the Late Captain Owen Stanley, R.N., F.R.S. Etc. During the Years 1846-1850. — Volume 1: Including Discoveries and Surveys in New Guinea, the Louisiade Archipelago, Etc. to Which Is Added the Account of Mr. E.B. Kennedy's Expedition for the Exploration of the Cape York Peninsula. By John Macgillivray, F.R.G.S. Naturalist to the Expedition.
The Island Queen
The Little Lame Prince: Rewritten for Young Readers by Margaret Waters
The Forest of Dean: An Historical and Descriptive Account
Stories from Virgil
Frederic Chopin: His Life, Letters, and Works,  v. 2 (of  2)
A History of Champagne, with Notes on the Other Sparkling Wines of France
Miss or Mrs.?
Vittoria — Volume 2
Hammersmith, Fulham and Putney
Renée Mauperin
Volcanoes: Past and Present
The Voice and Spiritual Education
The Boys of '61: or, Four Years of Fighting, Personal Observations with the Army and Navy
Sheep, Swine, and Poultry: Embracing the History and Varieties of Each; The Best Modes of Breeding; Their Feeding and Management; Together with etc.
The Ancient Cities of the New World: Being Travels and Explorations in Mexico and Central America From 1857-1882
Society as I Have Found It
A narrative of travels on the Amazon and Rio Negro, : $b with an account of the native tribes, and observations on the climate, geology, and natural history of the Amazon valley
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon
What Led to the Discovery of the Source of the Nile
Captains of Industry; or, Men of Business Who Did Something Besides Making Money
Albert Gallatin
Woodward's Country Homes
A Story of the Red Cross; Glimpses of Field Work
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day: Ten Christmas stories
From the Easy Chair, Volume 2
Marguerite; or, The Isle of Demons and Other Poems
Pen and pencil sketches of Faröe and Iceland : $b With an appendix containing translations from the Icelandic and 51 illustrations engraved on wood by W. J. Linton
The Black Robe
More Hunting Wasps
The Excavations of Roman Baths at Bath
The Madman and the Pirate
"Evacuation Day", 1783, Its Many Stirring Events: With Recollections of Capt. John Van Arsdale, of the Veteran Corps of Artillery, by Whose Efforts on That Day the Enemy Were Circumvented, and the American Flag Successfully Raised on the Battery
The Life of Sir John Falstaff
The Divining Rod: Virgula Divina—Baculus Divinatorius (Water-Witching)
Rhoda Fleming — Complete
The Prince of India; Or, Why Constantinople Fell — Volume 02
The Blockade Runners
Aunt Charlotte's Stories of Greek History
Round the World in Eighty Days
Robinson Crusoe's Money;: or, The Remarkable Financial Fortunes and Misfortunes of a Remote Island Community
The Life of George Cruikshank in Two Epochs, Vol. 1. (of 2)
The wild duck : $b A drama in five acts
The Autobiography of a Quack, and The Case of George Dedlow
Facing the Flag
The Dawn and the Day; Or, The Buddha and the Christ, Part I
Hardy Perennials and Old Fashioned Flowers: Describing the Most Desirable Plants, for Borders, Rockeries, and Shrubberies.
Pascal
Poems
Poetical Works of Matthew Arnold
Feuerbach: The roots of the socialist philosophy
Life in Dixie during the War, 1861-1862-1863-1864-1865
Oliver Cromwell
Abraham Lincoln and the Abolition of Slavery in the United States
France and England in North America, Part IV: The Old Régime In Canada
History of English Literature Volume 2 (of 3)
Hunting a home in Brazil : $b The agricultural resources and other characteristics of the country. Also, the manners and customs of the inhabitants
Lemorne Versus Huell
The Problem of the Ohio Mounds
Science & Education: Essays
Stories from the Greek Tragedians
The Wonders of Pompeii
Recollections of Thirty-nine Years in the Army: Gwalior and the Battle of Maharajpore, 1843; the Gold Coast of Africa, 1847-48; the Indian Mutiny, 1857-58; the expedition to China, 1860-61; the Siege of Paris, 1870-71; etc.
Adrift in the Arctic Ice Pack: from the history of the first U.S. Grinnell Expedition in search of Sir John Franklin
Tropical nature, and other essays
The Complete Writings of Charles Dudley Warner — Volume 3
The Story of Pocahontas
Vittoria — Complete
Moni the Goat-Boy
Selections from the Prose Works of Matthew Arnold
Bohemians of the Latin Quarter
Lord, Teach Us To Pray
Chips from a German Workshop, Volume 5: Miscellaneous Later Essays
Man's Place in the Universe: A Study of the Results of Scientific Research in Relation to the Unity or Plurality of Worlds, 3rd Edition
Sanitary Statistics of Native Colonial Schools and Hospitals
Bothwell; or, The Days of Mary Queen of Scots, Volume 3 (of 3)
History of English Literature Volume 1 (of 3)
Faraday as a Discoverer
Autobiography and Selected Essays
The New Magdalen
David Elginbrod
The Armourer's Prentices
Maezli: A Story of the Swiss Valleys
A Voyage in a Balloon (1852)
Now or Never; Or, The Adventures of Bobby Bright
Christianity and Greek Philosophy: or, the relation between spontaneous and reflective thought in Greece and the positive teaching of Christ and His Apostles
Chips from a German Workshop, Volume 4: Essays Chiefly on the Science of Language
What Gunpowder Plot Was
Vittoria — Volume 6
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Ezekiel, Daniel, and the Minor Prophets. St. Matthew Chapters I to VIII
The Red City: A Novel of the Second Administration of President Washington
In the Old West
Ultima Thule; or, A Summer in Iceland. vol. 2/2
Pride and His Prisoners
Black Rebellion: Five Slave Revolts
The Garies and Their Friends
Wear and Tear; Or, Hints for the Overworked
Unity of Good
The Pirate City: An Algerine Tale
The Birthday Party: A Story for Little Folks
The Sympathy of Religions
Prisoners their own warders : $b a record of the convict prison at Singapore in the Straits Settlements, established 1825, discontinued 1873, together with a cursory history of the convict establishments at Bencoolen, Penang and Malacca from the year 1797
The Civil War in America: Fuller's Modern Age, August 1861
Scenes and Characters of the Middle Ages: Third Edition
Antique Works of Art from Benin: Collected by Lieutenant-General Pitt Rivers
Parasites: A Treatise on the Entozoa of Man and Animals: Including Some Account of the Ectozoa
The Remarkable History of Sir Thomas Upmore, bart., M.P., formerly known as "Tommy Upmore"
Michael Faraday: Third Edition, with Portrait
The History of Coaches
The Romance of War; or, The Highlanders in France and Belgium, A Sequel to the Highlanders in Spain
Science in Short Chapters
Market Harborough, and Inside the Bar
The Reign of William Rufus and the Accession of Henry the First, Volume 1 (of 2)
Insect life: Souvenirs of a naturalist
The Gilded Age, Part 6.
The Vicar's Daughter
The Floating Light of the Goodwin Sands
The History of Dartmouth College
The Two Story Mittens and the Little Play Mittens: Being the Fourth Book of the Series
Sowing and Sewing: A Sexagesima Story
The Art of Invigorating and Prolonging Life: By Food, Clothes, Air, Exercise, Wine, Sleep, &c. and Peptic Precepts, Pointing Out Agreeable and Effectual Methods to Prevent and Relieve Indigestion, and to Regulate and Strengthen the Action of the Stomach and Bowels
A Belle of the Fifties: Memoirs of Mrs. Clay of Alabama, covering social and political life in Washington and the South, 1853-1866. Put into narrative form by Ada Sterling
Travels and discoveries in North and Central Africa : $b Including accounts of Tripoli, the Sahara, the remarkable kingdom of Bornu, and the countries around Lake Chad
The Story of Kennett
Elsie's Kith and Kin
Blown to Bits; or, The Lonely Man of Rakata
The Book of the Bush: Containing Many Truthful Sketches of the Early Colonial Life of Squatters, Whalers, Convicts, Diggers, and Others Who Left Their Native Land and Never Returned
The Frog Who Would A Wooing Go
Jarwin and Cuffy
Danger! A True History of a Great City's Wiles and Temptations: The Veil Lifted, and Light Thrown on Crime and its Causes, and Criminals and their Haunts. Facts and Disclosures.
Aztec Land
Barbarossa; An Historical Novel of the XII Century.
The Roman Poets of the Augustan Age: Virgil
The Glaciers of the Alps: Being a narrative of excursions and ascents, an account of the origin and phenomena of glaciers and an exposition of the physical principles to which they are related
Biography of Rev. Hosea Ballou
Transcendentalism in New England: A History
Eleven Years in the Rocky Mountains and Life on the Frontier: Also a History of the Sioux War, and a Life of Gen. George A. Custer with Full Account of His Last Battle
Notes on the book of Exodus
Cassell's book of birds; vol. 1
Description of a plan for the improvement of the Central Park
The Legacy of Cain
The Stokesley Secret
Two Trips to Gorilla Land and the Cataracts of the Congo, Volume 2
Report on the Condition of the South
Mistress and Maid: A Household Story
Ireland Under Coercion: The Diary of an American (2 of 2): (2nd ed.) (1888)
Manual of the Mother Church: The First Church of Christ Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts
Zionism and Anti-Semitism
Up The Baltic; Or, Young America in Norway, Sweden, and Denmark
Caricature and Other Comic Art in All Times and Many Lands.
Twelve Years of a Soldier's Life in India: Being Extracts from the Letters of the Late Major W. S. R. Hodson, B. A.
Callias: A Tale of the Fall of Athens
The Expositor's Bible: The Psalms, Vol. 2: Psalms XXXIX.-LXXXIX.
Old and New Paris: Its History, Its People, and Its Places, v. 2
Free Russia
In the Far East: A Narrative of Exploration and Adventure in Cochin-China, Cambodia, Laos, and Siam
The Heavens Above: A Popular Handbook of Astronomy
Edith and Her Ayah, and Other Stories
Life of Edwin Forrest, the American Tragedian. Volume 1 (of 2)
The Complete Essays of Charles Dudley Warner
The Gilded Age, Part 4.
Heather and Snow
A Summer in Leslie Goldthwaite's Life.
Pulpit and Press
Due North; or, Glimpses of Scandinavia and Russia
Social Environment and Moral Progress
Merry's Book of Puzzles
Lake Ngami : $b or, Explorations and discoveries during four years' wanderings in the wilds of southwestern Africa
History of the Impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, by the House of Representatives, and his trial by the Senate for high crimes and misdemeanors in office, 1868
The Caged Lion
Early Plays — Catiline, the Warrior's Barrow, Olaf Liljekrans
A Crooked Path: A Novel
The First Distiller
Fruits of Culture
A Garden with House Attached
Sketches from the Subject and Neighbour Lands of Venice
The Cathedral Towns and Intervening Places of England, Ireland and Scotland:: A Description of Cities, Cathedrals, Lakes, Mountains, Ruins, and Watering-places.
Ballads and Poems of Tragic Life
Pharmacographia: A history of the principal drugs of vegetable origin, met with in Great Britain and British India
Isaac Watts; his life and writings, his homes and friends
Complete Project Gutenberg Works of George Meredith
Outlines of Universal History, Designed as a Text-book and for Private Reading
The Mystic Will: A Method of Developing and Strengthening the Faculties of the Mind, through the Awakened Will, by a Simple, Scientific Process Possible to Any Person of Ordinary Intelligence
The Eagle Cliff
Tea Leaves: Being a Collection of Letters and Documents relating to; the shipment of Tea to the American Colonies in the year; 1773, by the East India Tea Company. (With an introduction,; notes, and biographical notices of the Boston Tea Party)
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistles of St. Paul to the Colossians and Philemon
Curiosities of Christian History Prior to the Reformation
General Bounce; Or, The Lady and the Locusts
Uncle Joe's Stories
Sir Edwin Landseer
The Crayfish: An Introduction to the Study of Zoology.
Sketches of Southern life
The Trial; Or, More Links of the Daisy Chain
Veronica
Love's Comedy
Martin Rattler
Father Brighthopes; Or, An Old Clergyman's Vacation
Health, Happiness, and Longevity: Health without medicine: happiness without money: the result, longevity
The Red Lottery Ticket
History of Civilization in England,  Vol. 1 of 3
A Manual of the Historical Development of Art: Pre-Historic—Ancient—Classic—Early Christian; with Special Reference to Architecture, Sculpture, Painting, and Ornamentation
Thoughts on Life and Religion: An Aftermath from the Writings of The Right Honourable Professor Max Müller
Square and Compasses; Or, Building the House
Life in the Far West
Poems
A Critical Examination of the Position of Mr. Darwin's Work, "On the Origin of Species," in Relation to the Complete Theory of the Causes of the Phenomena of Organic Nature: Lecture VI. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
Being a Boy
The Fallen Leaves
A Practical Illustration of "Woman's Right to Labor": A Letter from Marie E. Zakrzewska, M.D. Late of Berlin, Prussia
Outward Bound Or, Young America Afloat: A Story of Travel and Adventure
No and Yes
Elsie at Home
The Life of David: As Reflected in His Psalms
Down South; or, Yacht Adventure in Florida
The Princess of Bagdad: A Play In Three Acts
Flemish Legends
A Madeira Party
My Miscellanies, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Kit and Kitty: A Story of West Middlesex
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 02 (of 11)
The Survivors of the Chancellor: Diary of J.R. Kazallon, Passenger
The Guilty River
Sandra Belloni (originally Emilia in England) — Complete
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Part 1.
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus and Numbers
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Isaiah and Jeremiah
How to Do It
Minnie's Sacrifice
Overland: A Novel
The Gold Hunters' Adventures; Or, Life in Australia
Lectures and Essays
The Old Masters and Their Pictures, For the Use of Schools and Learners in Art
The English at the North Pole: Part I of the Adventures of Captain Hatteras
Iron Making in the Olden Times: as instanced in the Ancient Mines, Forges, and Furnaces of The Forest of Dean
The History of Minnesota and Tales of the Frontier
Royal Edinburgh: Her Saints, Kings, Prophets and Poets
How to Behave: A Pocket Manual of Republican Etiquette, and Guide to Correct Personal Habits: Embracing an Exposition of the Principles of Good Manners; Useful Hints on the Care of the Person, Eating, Drinking, Exercise, Habits, Dress, Self-culture, and Behavior at Home; the Etiquette of Salutations, Introductions, Receptions, Visits, Dinners, Evening Parties, Conversation, Letters, Presents, Weddings, Funerals, the Street, the Church, Places of Amusement, Traveling, Etc., with Illustrative Anecdotes, a Chapter on Love and Courtship, and Rules of Order for Debating Societies
Christopher Crayon's Recollections: The Life and Times of the late James Ewing Ritchie as told by himself
In Both Worlds
Beauties and Antiquities of Ireland: Being a Tourist's Guide to Its Most Beautiful Scenery & an Archæologist's Manual for Its Most Interesting Ruins
The Captain of the Guard
Adventures of an Aide-de-Camp; or, A Campaign in Calabria, Volume 1 (of 3)
Project Gutenberg Edition of The Memoirs of Four Civil War Generals
From North Pole to Equator: Studies of Wild Life and Scenes in Many Lands
Jezebel's Daughter
Dynevor Terrace; Or, The Clue of Life — Volume 1
Young Folks' History of England
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Ruth, and First Book of Samuel, Second Samuel, First Kings, and Second Kings chapters I to VII
Fasting Girls: Their Physiology and Pathology
Walter Pieterse: A Story of Holland
Landmarks of Scientific Socialism: "Anti-Duehring"
Barren Honour: A Novel
Heimatlos: Two stories for children, and for those who love children
The Story of Ancient Irish Civilization
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Joshua
The Expositor's Bible: The Psalms, Vol. 3: Psalms XC.-CL.
Frederic Chopin: His Life, Letters, and Works,  v. 1 (of  2)
Under the Red Dragon: A Novel
The Juggler's Oracle; or, The Whole Art of Legerdemain Laid Open: Consisting of all the newest and most surprising tricks and experiments with cards, cups and balls, conveyance of money and rings, boxes, fire, strings and knots; with many curious experiments by optical illusion, chymical changes, and magical cards, &c.
Bismarck : $b some secret pages of his history (Vol. 1 of 3). Being a diary kept by Dr. Moritz Busch during twenty-five years' official and private intercourse with the great Chancellor
Grisly Grisell; Or, The Laidly Lady of Whitburn: A Tale of the Wars of the Roses
Expositions of Holy Scripture: St. John Chapters I to XIV
The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century
The Gorilla Hunters
The Norsemen in the West
Friends in Feathers and Fur, and Other Neighbors: For Young Folks
Nevermore
Fiends, Ghosts, and Sprites: Including an Account of the Origin and Nature of Belief in the Supernatural
The Life of George Cruikshank in Two Epochs, Vol. 2. (of 2)
Florence Nightingale to Her Nurses: A selection from Miss Nightingale's addresses to probationers and nurses of the Nightingale school at St. Thomas's hospital
Tolstoi for the young: Select tales from Tolstoi
Tachyhippodamia; Or, The new secret of taming horses: To which is added The breaking, training, and taming horses
The Seven Sisters of Sleep: Popular History of the Seven Prevailing Narcotics of the World
The Lathe & Its Uses: Or, Instruction in the Art of Turning Wood and Metal. Including a Description of the Most Modern Appliances for the Ornamentation of Plane and Curved Surfaces. With an Appendix, in Which is Described an Entirely Novel Form of Lathe for Eccentric and Rose Engine Turning; a Lathe and Planing Machine Combined; and Other Valuable Matter Relating to the Art.
The Mystery of Mrs. Blencarrow
Sketches of social life in India
A Reading of Life, with Other Poems
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 2
Within The Enemy's Lines
The People's Idea of God: Its Effect On Health And Christianity
The Three Devils: Luther's, Milton's, and Goethe's; With Other Essays
The Haunted Room: A Tale
Some Account of Gothic Architecture in Spain
The White Rose of Memphis
The Boy's Playbook of Science: Including the Various Manipulations and Arrangements of Chemical and Philosophical Apparatus Required for the Successful Performance of Scientific Experiments in Illustration of the Elementary Branches of Chemistry and Natural Philosophy
The Book of Roses
The Ancient Stone Implements, Weapons and Ornaments, of Great Britain: Second Edition, Revised
My Winter on the Nile: Eighteenth Edition
The Far North: Exploration in the Arctic Regions
The Factors of Organic Evolution
Hymns and Poems
Meridiana: The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians: In  South Africa
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; vol. 2 of 2: Being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics
The cats' Arabian nights, or, King Grimalkum
The Cotton Kingdom, volume 2 (of 2) : $b A traveller's observations on cotton and slavery in the American Slave States
Bramble-Bees and Others
What Sami Sings with the Birds
Ticket No. "9672"
Itinerary through Corsica by its rail, carriage & forest roads
France and the Republic: A Record of Things Seen and Learned in the French Provinces During the 'Centennial' Year 1889
Over the Rocky Mountains: Wandering Will in the Land of the Redskin
Down the River; Or, Buck Bradford and His Tyrants
The Pearl of Lima: A Story of True Love
A Gold Hunter's Experience
Island Life; Or, The Phenomena and Causes of Insular Faunas and Floras
The Ravens and the Angels, with Other Stories and Parables
Women Novelists of Queen Victoria's Reign: A Book of Appreciations
Illustrations of Universal Progress: A Series of Discussions
The Slavery Question
Hester: A Story of Contemporary Life, Volume 1 (of 3)
Old Wonder-Eyes, and Other Stories for Children
A Life for a Life, Volume 2 (of 3)
His Glorious Appearing: An Exposition of Matthew Twenty-Four
Adventures with the Connaught Rangers, 1809-1814
Money-making men; or, how to grow rich
My Lady's Money
The Dove in the Eagle's Nest
Life of John Coleridge Patteson : Missionary Bishop of the Melanesian Islands
Up in the Clouds: Balloon Voyages
The Dog Crusoe and his Master
Little Tora, The Swedish Schoolmistress and Other Stories
Eyes Like the Sea: A Novel
Stones of the Temple; Or, Lessons from the Fabric and Furniture of the Church
Crusoe's Island: A Ramble in the Footsteps of Alexander Selkirk: With Sketches of Adventure in California and Washoe
Expositor's Bible: The Epistles of St. John
Ocean's Story; or, Triumphs of Thirty Centuries: Maritime Adventures, Achievements, Explorations, Discoveries and Inventions; and of the Rise and Progress of Ship-Building and Ocean Navigation, from the Ark to the Iron Steamships
The Wizard's Son, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Joseph and His Friend: A Story of Pennsylvania
An Account of the Danes and Norwegians in England, Scotland, and Ireland
The Executor: Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine vol. LXXXIX
Poems — Volume 3
Two Trips to Gorilla Land and the Cataracts of the Congo, Volume 1
Literary and Social Essays
Ten Great Events in History
Letters of Ulysses S. Grant to His Father and His Youngest Sister, 1857-78
Elsie at Nantucket
Away in the Wilderness
Erling the Bold
Fringilla: Some Tales In Verse
The Nine Lives of A Cat: A Tale of Wonder
Fast in the Ice: Adventures in the Polar Regions
Work and Win; Or, Noddy Newman on a Cruise
Hopes and Fears: or, scenes from the life of a spinster
City Crimes; Or, Life in New York and Boston
Clara Vaughan, Volume 1 (of 3)
How Marcus Whitman Saved Oregon: A True Romance of Patriotic Heroism Christian Devotion and Final Martyrdom
The Count of the Saxon Shore; or The Villa in Vectis.: A Tale of the Departure of the Romans from Britain
Who Ate the Pink Sweetmeat? And Other Christmas Stories
Lighthouses and Lightships: A Descriptive and Historical Account of Their Mode of Construction and Organization
The Age of Science: A Newspaper of the Twentieth Century
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 07 (of 11)
Poems of Henry Timrod; with Memoir
Elsie's New Relations: What They Did and How They Fared at Ion; A Sequel to Grandmother Elsie
The Cromptons
The Lighthouse
The Narrative of a Blockade-Runner
The Green Book; Or, Freedom Under the Snow: A Novel
Supernatural Religion, Vol. 1 (of 3): An Inquiry into the Reality of Divine Revelation
The Story of Anna Kingsford and Edward Maitland and of the new Gospel of Interpretation
The Meeting-Place of Geology and History
The Theory and Practice of Archery
Theoretical Ethics
The Kingdom of God is Within You / Christianity and Patriotism / Miscellanies
James Russell Lowell and His Friends
Flora
The Young Pilgrim: A Tale Illustrative of "The Pilgrim's Progress"
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 08 (of 11)
The Cotton Kingdom, volume 1 (of 2) : $b A traveller's observations on cotton and slavery in the American Slave States
Beauchamp's Career — Complete
Algonquin Legends of New England
The Son of Clemenceau, A Novel of Modern Love and Life
Principles of Home Decoration, With Practical Examples
Birds of Guernsey (1879): And the Neighbouring Islands: Alderney, Sark, Jethou, Herm; Being a Small Contribution to the Ornitholony of the Channel Islands
Elsie's children
The Waif of the "Cynthia"
The Land of Thor
North American Stone Implements
The Positive Outcome of Philosophy: The Nature of Human Brain Work. Letters on Logic.
A Life for a Life, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Young Mechanic: Containing directions for the use of all kinds of tools, and for the construction of steam engines and mechanical models, including the art of turning in wood and metal
The Forms of Water in Clouds and Rivers, Ice and Glaciers
Surveying and Levelling Instruments, Theoretically and Practically Described.: For construction, qualities, selection, preservation, adjustments, and uses; with other apparatus and appliances used by civil engineers and surveyors in the field.
Palm trees of the Amazon and their uses
How Spring Came in New England
Wild Beasts and Their Ways, Reminiscences of Europe, Asia, Africa and America — Volume 1
Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley — Volume 1
Weighed and Wanting
Who Can Be Happy and Free in Russia?
A Life of St. John for the Young
Ionica
Gold Dust: A Collection of Golden Counsels for the Sanctification of Daily Life
The Big Nightcap Letters: Being the Fifth Book of the Series
Narrative of the Circumnavigation of the Globe by the Austrian Frigate Novara, Volume I: (Commodore B. Von Wullerstorf-Urbair,) Undertaken by Order of the Imperial Government in the Years 1857, 1858, & 1859, Under the Immediate Auspices of His I. and R. Highness the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian, Commander-In-Chief of the; Austrian Navy.
The King of the Mountains
Katia
The Mosaic History of the Creation of the World: Illustrated by Discoveries and Experiments Derived from the Present Enlightened State of Science; With Reflections, Intended to Promote Vital and Practical Religion
Mycenæ: a narrative of researches and discoveries at Mycenæ and Tiryns
The Survivors of the Chancellor
Around the World in Eighty Days. Junior Deluxe Edition
The Modern Regime, Volume 2
A Modern Telemachus
We Girls: a Home Story
Women and the Alphabet: A Series of Essays
Doctor and Patient
Gascoyne, The Sandal-Wood Trader: A Tale of the Pacific
Essays on the work entitled "Supernatural Religion"
The Feast at Solhoug
Has a Frog a Soul?
The Carbonels
The Big Otter
The Voyage Alone in the Yawl "Rob Roy"
A Treatise on Physiology and Hygiene: For Educational Institutions and General Readers
Commentary on the Maya Manuscript in the Royal Public Library of Dresden
Elsie and Her Namesakes
The Tragedy of Wild River Valley
A History of the Inquisition of Spain; vol. 3
Home Amusements
The Women of Mormondom
Pop-Guns: One Serious and One Funny
Steam Navigation and Its Relation to the Commerce of Canada and the United States
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 06 (of 11)
Two Penniless Princesses
The Tragic Comedians: A Study in a Well-known Story — Complete
The Coral Island: A Tale of the Pacific Ocean
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 6
The Roman Question
Journal of Landsborough's expedition from Carpentaria, in search of Burke & Wills
From the Darkness Cometh the Light, or Struggles for Freedom
The Hot Swamp
Crocker's Hole: From "Slain By The Doones" By R. D. Blackmore
Supernatural Religion, Vol. 3 (of 3): An Inquiry into the Reality of Divine Revelation
A History of the Inquisition of Spain; vol. 2
A History of the Inquisition of Spain; vol. 4
Discourses in America
France and England in North America, Part VII, Vol 2: A Half-Century of Conflict
Precepts in Practice; or, Stories Illustrating the Proverbs
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 03 (of 11)
Canada; its Defences, Condition, and Resources: Being a third and concluding volume of "My Diary, North and South"
History of the Sabbath and first day of the week
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 09 (of 11)
The Rifle and the Hound in Ceylon
Dynevor Terrace; Or, The Clue of Life — Volume 2
Alfred Russel Wallace: Letters and Reminiscences, Vol. 1
Oscar; Or, The Boy Who Had His Own Way
The Destiny of the Soul: A Critical History of the Doctrine of a Future Life
The Royal Picture Alphabet
Hesperus: and Other Poems and Lyrics
History of Cuba; or, Notes of a Traveller in the Tropics: Being a Political, Historical, and Statistical Account of the Island, from its First Discovery to the Present Time
The Story of Malta
English Lands, Letters and Kings, vol. 3: Queen Anne and the Georges
The Gladiators. A Tale of Rome and Judæa
The Children's Tabernacle; Or, Hand-Work and Heart-Work
Collotype and Photo-lithography
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Francis Parkman
An Englishwoman in Utah: The Story of a Life's Experience in Mormonism
My Diary: North and South (vol. 1 of 2)
Heroes of science : $b Botanists, zoologists, and geologists
The Jimmyjohns, and other stories
Percival's picture gallery
Eight Years' Wanderings in Ceylon
Heartsease; Or, The Brother's Wife
The Past Condition of Organic Nature: Lecture II. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
Poems of the Heart and Home
Modern Broods; Or, Developments Unlooked For
Salted with Fire
Holidays at Roselands: A Sequel to Elsie Dinsmore
Elsie at the World's Fair
Gritli's Children
Young Folks' History of Rome
Stand By The Union
The Red Eric
The Light Shines in Darkness
Supernatural Religion, Vol. 2 (of 3): An Inquiry into the Reality of Divine Revelation
Elsie's Widowhood: A Sequel to Elsie's Children
Thomas Chalmers
At the Councillor's; or, A Nameless History
Brick and Marble in the Middle Ages: Notes of Tours in the North of Italy
Evolution: Its nature, its evidence, and its relation to religious thought
Nature's Teachings: Human Invention Anticipated by Nature
"War to the Knife;" or, Tangata Maori
Mexican Copper Tools: The Use of Copper by the Mexicans Before the Conquest; and the Katunes of Maya History, a Chapter in the Early History of Central America, With Special Reference to the Pio Perez Manuscript.
Christianity in relation to Freethought, Scepticism, and Faith: Three discourses by the Bishop of Peterborough with special replies by Mr. C. Bradlaugh
The Greatest Heiress in England
Philip Rollo; or, the Scottish Musketeers, Vol. 1 (of 2)
A journey to Central Africa : $b Or, Life and landscapes from Egypt to the Negro kingdoms of the White Nile
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant — Volume 1
The Flight of the Shadow
Rico and Wiseli
Talks on Manures: A Series of Familiar and Practical Talks Between the Author and the Deacon, the Doctor, and Other Neighbors, on the Whole Subject
The Fugitives: The Tyrant Queen of Madagascar
The Day of Wrath
Stories From Livy
Down the Rhine; Or, Young America in Germany
A Treatise on Etching
Lectures on the Origin and Growth of Religion as Illustrated by the Native Religions of Mexico and Peru
The Yellow Rose
Brother Against Brother; Or, The War on the Border
Notes on the Book of Genesis
The Iron Furnace; or, Slavery and Secession
The Young People's Wesley
Gold Elsie
Bothwell; or, The Days of Mary Queen of Scots, Volume 2 (of 3)
Captivating Bible Stories for Young People, Written in Simple Language
Jane Seton; or, The King's Advocate: A Scottish Historical Romance
The foster-sisters : $b A story in the days of Wesley and Whitfield
A New England Girlhood, Outlined from Memory (Beverly, MA)
Jeanne D'Arc: Her Life And Death
The People for Whom Shakespeare Wrote
Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley — Volume 2
Expositions of Holy Scripture: St. Luke
The Elect Lady
Stephen Archer, and Other Tales
The Reminiscences of an Irish Land Agent
The Friendships of Women
Manasseh: A Romance of Transylvania
The Yacht Club; or, The Young Boat-Builder
Shoulder-Straps: A Novel of New York and the Army, 1862
The Lion of Janina; Or, The Last Days of the Janissaries: A Turkish Novel
Notes on the Book of Deuteronomy, Volume II
Sarchedon: A Legend of the Great Queen
The Data of Ethics
Model Women
Hester: A Story of Contemporary Life, Volume 2 (of 3)
The World's Earliest Music: Traced to Its Beginnings in Ancient Lands by Collected Evidence of Relics, Records, History, and Musical Instruments from Greece, Etruria, Egypt, China, Through Asyria and Babylonia, to the Primitive Home, the Land of Akkad and Sumer
Ombra
Poems
Cassell's book of birds; vol. 2
The Coming Ice Age
China and the Chinese
The Life of the Grasshopper
Loom and spindle : $b or life among the early mill girls with a sketch of "the Lowell offering" and some of its contributors
On the Relations of Man to the Lower Animals
Henrietta's Wish; Or, Domineering
A Popular History of Ireland : from the Earliest Period to the Emancipation of the Catholics - Volume 2
Fairy Tales, Their Origin and Meaning; With Some Account of Dwellers in Fairyland
The World of Ice
The Moon-Voyage
Bessie's Fortune: A Novel
Taken by the Enemy
Pioneers and Founders: or, Recent Workers in the Mission field
Art in England: Notes and Studies
Godfrey Morgan: A Californian Mystery
Woodcraft
Stray Leaves from an Arctic Journal: Or, Eighteen Months in the Polar Regions, in Search of Sir John Franklin's Expedition, in the Years 1850-51
History of Civilization in England, Vol. 3 of 3
Perlycross: A Tale of the Western Hills
The Two First Centuries of Florentine History: The Republic and Parties at the Time of Dante. Fourth Impression.
The Alfred Jewel: An Historical Essay
A Floating City, and The Blockade Runners
John Brent
Saunterings
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Complete
Cornelli
The Land of Midian (Revisited) — Volume 1
Country Walks of a Naturalist with His Children
Essays: Scientific, Political, & Speculative; Vol. 1 of 3: Library Edition (1891), Containing Seven Essays not before Republished, and Various other Additions.
Elements of Morals: With Special Application of the Moral Law to the Duties of the Individual and of Society and the State
Narrative of the Circumnavigation of the Globe by the Austrian Frigate Novara, Volume III: (Commodore B. Von Wullerstorf-Urbair,) Undertaken by Order of the Imperial Government in the Years 1857, 1858, & 1859, Under the Immediate Auspices of His I. and R. Highness the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian, Commander-In-Chief of the; Austrian Navy.
From the Lakes of Killarney to the Golden Horn
The Art of Amusing: Being a Collection of Graceful Arts, Merry Games, Odd Tricks, Curious Puzzles, and New Charades. Together with Suggestions for Private Theatricals, Tableaux, and All Sorts of Parlor and Family Amusements.
The Great Commission. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. IV
Gretchen: A Novel
English Conferences of Ernest Renan: Rome and Christianity. Marcus Aurelius
Elsie's Young Folks in Peace and War
Songs of the Sea and Lays of the Land
The Remedy for Unemployment
Common Sense About Women
The Scottish Cavalier: An Historical Romance, Volume 2 (of 3)
The life and works of Sir Charles Barry
Dora
The Hartley brothers : $b or, The Knights of Saint John
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 3
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Second Kings Chapters VIII to End and Chronicles, Ezra, and Nehemiah. Esther, Job, Proverbs, and Ecclesiastes
Expositions of Holy Scripture: Psalms
England's Antiphon
Erick and Sally
Hygeia, a City of Health
Real Folks
Toni, the Little Woodcarver
Christmas with Grandma Elsie
Trumps
Washington Irving
Roumania Past and Present
Hume: (English Men of Letters Series)
The man with the broken ear
The Rover of the Andes: A Tale of Adventure on South America
Man on the Ocean: A Book about Boats and Ships
French and Oriental Love in a Harem
The Age of Pope: (1700-1744)
Red Riding Hood
The Strife of the Roses and Days of the Tudors in the West
Arabian Wisdom: Selections and Translations from the Arabic
Daisy Thornton
Ralph Wilton's weird
Ye Book of Copperheads
Mildred at Home: With Something About Her Relatives and Friends.: A sequel to Mildred's married life.
The Roman Poets of the Republic, 2nd edition
Stellar Evolution and Its Relations to Geological Time
Landseer's Dogs and Their Stories
Reminiscences of Joseph, the Prophet, and the Coming Forth of the Book of Mormon
From Dan to Beersheba: A Description of the Wonderful Land, with Maps and Engravings and a Prologue by the Author Containing the Latest Explorations and Discoveries
Cassell's book of birds; vol. 3
Percy's holidays : $b or, borrowing trouble.
The sailor's home : $b Or, the girdle of truth
The school-girls' treasury : $b or, Stories for thoughtful girls.
Monsieur de Camors — Complete
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Complete
Wilfrid Cumbermede
A Handbook to the Works of Browning (6th ed.)
Aids to the Study of the Maya Codices: Sixth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1884-85, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1888, pages 253-372
The World of Ice
Fighting the Flames
The Twenty-fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers in the War of the Rebellion : $b history, reminiscences, description of battle of Irish Bend, carrying of pay roll, roster
If, Yes and Perhaps: Four Possibilities and Six Exaggerations with Some Bits of Fact
My Days and Nights on the Battle-Field
Hungarian Sketches in Peace and War: Constable's Miscellany of Foreign Literature, vol. 1
Cities of the Dawn: Naples - Athens - Pompeii - Constantinople - Smyrna - Jaffa - Jerusalem - Alexandria - Cairo - Marseilles - Avignon - Lyons - Dijon
Travels in Arabia
With the King at Oxford: A Tale of the Great Rebellion
Colouration in Animals and Plants
Johnny Nut and the Golden Goose
Capture and Escape: A Narrative of Army and Prison Life
Old Melbourne Memories: Second Edition, Revised
Some of Our East Coast Towns
Autobiography of a Female Slave
Satanella: A Story of Punchestown
Vinzi: A Story of the Swiss Alps
The Hollow Earth
Oliver Ellis : $b or, The fusiliers
A little Swiss boy
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant — Volume 2
The Gilded Age, Part 5.
A Half-Century of Conflict - Volume II
Home Again
Greek in a Nutshell
A Residence in France During the Years 1792, 1793, 1794 and 1795, Part IV., 1795: Described in a Series of Letters from an English Lady: with General and Incidental Remarks on the French Character and Manners
The Grimké sisters : $b Sarah and Angelina Grimké, the first American women advocates of abolition and woman's rights
Ethelyn's Mistake
Memories: A Story of German Love
Tracy Park: A Novel
The Man Without a Country
Alec Forbes of Howglen
Charles Dickens as a Reader
The Apple Dumpling and Other Stories for Young Boys and Girls
Asiatic Breezes; Or, Students on The Wing
Aunt Fanny's Story-Book for Little Boys and Girls
The Philosophy of Style
Nelson's Home Comforts: Thirteenth Edition
Jessie Graham
Brave Old Salt; or, Life on the Quarter Deck: A Story of the Great Rebellion
The Girl of the Period, and Other Social Essays, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Old Market-Cart
Hospital transports : $b A memoir of the embarkation of the sick and wounded from the peninsula of Virginia in the summer of 1862
The Romance of War; or, The Highlanders in Spain, Volume 2 (of 3)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charlotte M. Yonge
Gibraltar and Its Sieges, with a Description of Its Natural Features.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Bayard Taylor
An Historical Sketch of Sacerdotal Celibacy in the Christian Church
The collected works of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. 05 (of 11)
The Sacred Beetle, and Others
The City of the Saints, and Across the Rocky Mountains to California
Jane Austen and her works
John G. Paton, missionary to the New Hebrides : $b An autobiography; first part
The gold seekers of '49 : $b a personal narrative of the overland trail and adventures in California and Oregon from 1849 to 1854
Travels in the footsteps of Bruce in Algeria and Tunis
What books to lend and what to give
The Origin of Species: From 'The Westminster Review', April 1860
The Education of the Negro
Captain John Smith
Roman life in the days of Cicero
Elsie's Motherhood
Across India; Or, Live Boys in the Far East
Sketches From My Life: By The Late Admiral Hobart Pasha
The Faithless Parrot
The Battle and the Breeze
The Thorogood Family
Rulers of India: Lord Clive
About London
The Ruined Cities of Zululand
Clara Vaughan, Volume 3 (of 3)
India Under British Rule from the Foundation of the East India Company
Bouvard and Pécuchet: A Tragi-comic Novel of Bourgeois Life, part 2
The Chief Periods of European History: Six lectures read in the University of Oxford in Trinity term, 1885
Ancient Streets and Homesteads of England
The Scouring of the White Horse; Or, The Long Vacation Ramble of a London Clerk
The Romance of War; or, The Highlanders in Spain, Volume 1 (of 3)
Memoirs of the Distinguished Men of Science of Great Britain Living in the Years 1807-8
On the track of Ulysses; Together with an excursion in quest of the so-called Venus of Melos: Two studies in archaeology, made during a cruise among the Greek islands
Eleanor Ormerod, LL. D., Economic Entomologist : Autobiography and Correspondence
Studies on Fermentation: The diseases of beer, their causes, and the means of preventing them
Our Humble Helpers: Familiar Talks on the Domestic Animals
The dead tryst
Paper & paper making, ancient and modern
Swedish fairy tales
Under the guns : $b A woman's reminiscences of the Civil War
The robbers' cave : $b A tale of Italy
Malbone: An Oldport Romance
Yeast
Their Pilgrimage
Abbeychurch; Or, Self-Control and Self-Conceit
The Shaving of Shagpat; an Arabian entertainment — Complete
Minnesota and Dacotah
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 7
How to See the British Museum in Four Visits
Uncle Titus and His Visit to the Country
A Report of the Debates and Proceedings in the Secret Sessions of the Conference Convention: For Proposing Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, Held at Washington, D.C., in February, A.D. 1861
The Wild Man of the West: A Tale of the Rocky Mountains
Freaks of Fortune; or, Half Round the World
Old Times at Otterbourne
The Doctor's Family
Hittel on Gold Mines and Mining
The Pearl of India
The Expositor's Bible: The First Book of Samuel
Akbar: An Eastern Romance
Notes on the Book of Leviticus
Cripps, the Carrier: A Woodland Tale
Mildred at Roselands: A Sequel to Mildred Keith
Elsie's Winter Trip
The Employments of Women: A Cyclopædia of Woman's Work
Travels on the Amazon
Superior Fishing: Or, the Striped Bass, Trout, and Black Bass of the Northern States
Guild Court: A London Story
Doctor Quintard, Chaplain C.S.A. and Second Bishop of Tennessee: Being His Story of the War (1861-1865)
Vaccination a Delusion: Its Penal Enforcement a Crime: Proved by the Official Evidence in the Reports of the Royal Commission
Rust, Smut, Mildew, & Mould: An Introduction to the Study of Microscopic Fungi
Johann Sebastian Bach
Too close fisted, and other stories
The octopus : $b or, The "devil-fish" of fiction and of fact
The Peterkin papers
On Horseback
The Nests and Eggs of Indian Birds, Volume 1
The Relations Between Religion and Science: Eight Lectures Preached Before the University of Oxford in the Year 1884
The Olden Time Series, Vol. 1: Curiosities of the Old Lottery: Gleanings Chiefly from Old Newspapers of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts
To The Gold Coast for Gold: A Personal Narrative. Vol. II
A Hungarian Nabob
The Cannibal Islands: Captain Cook's Adventure in the South Seas
All Adrift; Or, The Goldwing Club
How to make rugs
Reflections on the Operation of the Present System of Education, 1853
Violet: A Fairy Story
Piccadilly: A Fragment of Contemporary Biography
In Answer to Prayer
Guide to West Point, and the U.S. Military Academy
History of the Cathedral Church of Wells: As Illustrating the History of the Cathedral Churches of the Old Foundation
The Wizard's Son, Vol. 2 (of 3)
A Life for a Life, Volume 3 (of 3)
Crusoe in New York, and other tales
The Molecular Tactics of a Crystal
Henry the Fifth
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Gustave Flaubert
An Australian Ramble; Or, A Summer in Australia
The Story of a Needle
Zanzibar; city, island, and coast. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Comfortable Mrs. Crook, and other sketches
The Case of Summerfield
The Italians: A Novel
The Christian Home: As it is in the Sphere of Nature and the Church; Showing the Mission, Duties, Influences, Habits, and Responsibilities of Home, its Education, Government, and Discipline; with Hints on "Match Making," and the Relation of Parents to the Marriage Choice of their Children; together with a consideration of the Tests in the Selection of a Companion, Etc.
Lectures on popular and scientific subjects
Retrospection and Introspection
The Olden Time Series: Vol. 2: The Days of the Spinning-Wheel in New England: Gleanings Chiefly from old Newspapers of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts
Make or Break; or, The Rich Man's Daughter
Seek and Find; or, The Adventures of a Smart Boy
A Student's History of England, v. 1: B.C. 55-A.D. 1509: From the Earliest Times to the Death of King Edward VII
The Third Little Pet Book, with the Tale of Mop and Frisk
Remarks on the practice and policy of lending Bodleian printed books and manuscripts
The Mormon Prophet and His Harem: Or, An Authentic History of Brigham Young, His Numerous Wives and Children
Elsie Yachting with the Raymonds
Three Days in the Village, and Other Sketches.: Written from September 1909 to July 1910.
The Cuckoo in the Nest, v. 1/2
When All the Woods Are Green: A Novel
Vacation Rambles
The Man from Mars: His Morals, Politics and Religion
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Herbert Spencer
Some Salient Points in the Science of the Earth
The Life of Joseph Smith, the Prophet
Education
A Grammar of Colloquial Chinese, as Exhibited in the Shanghai Dialect
The Stranger's Handbook to Chester and Its Environs: Containing a short sketch of its history and antiquities, a descriptive walk round the walls, and a visit to the cathedral, castle, and Eaton Hall.
Tales of the Wild and the Wonderful [1867]
The dark night : $b or, The fear of man bringeth a snare
Introductory notes on lying-in institutions : $b Together with a proposal for organising an institution for training midwives and midwifery nurses
Tracks of a Rolling Stone
William the Conqueror
'Lena Rivers
The Citizen-Soldier: or, Memoirs of a Volunteer
Deep Down, a Tale of the Cornish Mines
Wrecked but not Ruined
History of the National Flag of the United States of America
The Theistic Conception of the World: An Essay in Opposition to Certain Tendencies of Modern Thought
The Geological History of Plants
The Boy in the Bush
Animal Life in Field and Garden
The Lake Regions of Central Africa: A Picture of Exploration, Vol. 2
My Diary: North and South (vol. 2 of 2)
Six months in the gold mines : $b from a journal of three years' residence in Upper and Lower California. 1847-8-9
Life in the forests of the Far East (vol. 2 of 2)
Cicero and his friends : $b A study of Roman society in the time of Caesar
Loveday's history : $b A tale of many changes
A Fair Penitent
Geological Contemporaneity and Persistent Types of Life
The Victories of Love, and Other Poems
Little Lucy's Wonderful Globe
Memoirs of the Union's Three Great Civil War Generals
Darkness and Daylight: A Novel
Manners and Social Usages
A Rough Shaking
Adela Cathcart, Volume 2
The Olden Time Series, Vol. 5: Some Strange and Curious Punishments: Gleanings Chiefly from Old Newspapers of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts
On The Blockade
The New Penelope, and Other Stories and Poems
The Drummer Boy
"America for Americans!": The Typical American, Thanksgiving Sermon
Tom Clark and His Wife: Their Double Dreams, And the Curious Things that Befell Them Therein; Being the Rosicrucian's Story
Ekkehard: A Tale of the Tenth Century. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Poems of James McIntyre
The Real Gladstone: An Anecdotal Biography
A Student's History of England, v. 2: 1509-1689: From the Earliest Times to the Death of King Edward VII
Lords of the World: A story of the fall of Carthage and Corinth
Plane and Plank; or, The Mishaps of a Mechanic
Ryerson Memorial Volume: Prepared on the occasion of the unveiling of the Ryerson statute in the grounds of the Education department on the Queen's birthday, 1889
The Life of Nephi, the Son of Lehi: Who Emigrated from Jerusalem, in Judea, to the Land Which Is Now Known as South America, about Six Centuries Before the Coming of Our Savior
Old Court Life in France, vol. 1/2
Old Court Life in France, vol. 2/2
Josephine E. Butler: An Autobiographical Memoir
A Book of American Explorers
Superstition and Force: Essays on the Wager of Law, the Wager of Battle, the Ordeal, Torture
The Life and Times of Queen Victoria; vol. 1 of 4
Mr. Waddy's Return
The triumph over Midian
Strange stories of the Civil War
The Fall of the Moghul Empire of Hindustan
Oldport Days
Coral and Coral Reefs
Warlock o' Glenwarlock: A Homely Romance
A Popular History of Ireland : from the Earliest Period to the Emancipation of the Catholics — Volume 1
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 1
Over Strand and Field: A Record of Travel through Brittany
Native Races and the War
Tempest and Sunshine
Cabbages and Cauliflowers: How to Grow Them: A Practical Treatise, Giving Full Details On Every Point,; Including Keeping And Marketing The Crop
The Rector of St. Mark's
Red-Tape and Pigeon-Hole Generals: As Seen From the Ranks During a Campaign in the Army of the Potomac
Lights and shadows in Confederate prisons : $b a personal experience, 1864-5
Daisy Dare, and Baby Power: Poems
Foot-prints of Travel; Or, Journeyings in Many Lands
The Marriage of Elinor
The White Chief of the Caffres
Pastor Pastorum; Or, The Schooling of the Apostles by Our Lord
Alamo Ranch: A Story of New Mexico
My First Mission
Our Standard-Bearer; Or, The Life of General Uysses S. Grant
The Wizard's Son, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Haifa; or, Life in modern Palestine
Circus Life and Circus Celebrities
Sound
A Class-Book of Biblical History and Geography: with numerous maps
The Geographical Distribution of Animals, Volume 1: With a study of the relations of living and extinct faunas as elucidating the past changes of the Earth's surface
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Wilkie Collins
Idols in the Heart: A Tale
Sebastopol
El Buscapié
Dick Rodney; or, The Adventures of an Eton Boy
The abandoned farm, and Connie's mistake
Bismarck: some secret pages of his history (Vol. 3 of 3). Being a diary kept by Dr. Moritz Busch during twenty-five years' official and private intercourse with the great Chancellor
Sketches of the Christian life and public labors of William Miller : $b Gathered from his memoir by the late Sylvester Bliss, and from other sources
With the Connaught Rangers : $b in quarters, camp, and on leave
The Lights of the Church and the Light of Science: Essay #6 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
Stray Pearls: Memoirs of Margaret De Ribaumont, Viscountess of Bellaise
Early Letters of George Wm. Curtis to John S. Dwight; Brook Farm and Concord
The Field of Ice: Part II of the Adventures of Captain Hatteras
France and England in North America, Part III: The Discovery of the Great West (1870)
Lecture on the Aborigines of Newfoundland: Delivered Before the Mechanics' Institute, at St. John's, Newfoundland, on Monday, 17th January, 1859
The Last of the Peterkins: With Others of Their Kin
Luther and the Reformation:: The Life-Springs of Our Liberties
The Cockaynes in Paris; Or, 'Gone abroad'
Perley's reminiscences of sixty years in the national metropolis, v. 1-2
A military genius : $b Life of Anna Ella Carroll of Maryland
Careless Kate: A Story for Little Folks
London Lyrics
Freehold Land Societies: Their History, Present Position, and Claims
In the Saddle
The Book of the Aquarium and Water Cabinet: or Practical Instructions on the Formation, Stocking, and Mangement, in all Seasons, of Collections of Fresh Water and Marine Life
Wigwam and war-path; or, The royal chief in chains
Mother Goose for Grown Folks
Mildred and Elsie
Elsie's Journey on Inland Waters
The Growth of the English Constitution from the Earliest Times
Alice Lorraine: A Tale of the South Downs
The Diamond Lens
Pictures of Hellas: Five Tales of Ancient Greece
The Life of the Caterpillar
Carlyle's laugh, and other surprises
Bismarck : $b some secret pages of his history (Vol. 2 of 3). Being a diary kept by Dr. Moritz Busch during twenty-five years' official and private intercourse with the great Chancellor
On Some Fossil Remains of Man
Washington Irving
Quotes and Images From The Works of George Meredith
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Hebrews
Adela Cathcart, Volume 1
A Noble Life
Hatchie, the Guardian Slave; or, The Heiress of Bellevue: A Tale of the Mississippi and the South-west
The Lighthouse
Alfred Russel Wallace: Letters and Reminiscences, Vol. 2
Fashionable Philosophy, and Other Sketches
Wonder-Box Tales
Slain By The Doones
George Bowring - A Tale Of Cader Idris: From "Slain By The Doones" By R. D. Blackmore
Western Characters; or, Types of Border Life in the Western States
The Buffalo Runners: A Tale of the Red River Plains
The Orphans of Glen Elder
The Works of Charles Dudley Warner: Project Gutenberg Editions
The Foreign Tour of Messrs. Brown, Jones and Robinson: Being the History of What They Saw, and Did, in Belgium, Germany, Switzerland & Italy.
The Little Nightcap Letters
Memories of a Musical Life
Eunice
The Roman Poets of the Republic, 3rd edition
Salem Chapel, v. 1/2
Twenty-six years reminiscences of Scotch grouse moors
In the Levant: Twenty Fifth Impression
The New Eldorado: A Summer Journey to Alaska
Bothwell; or, The Days of Mary Queen of Scots, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Scriptures able to make us wise unto salvation : $b or the Bible a sufficient creed
Wings and Stings: A Tale for the Young
The Japan expedition. Japan and around the world: An account of three visits to the Japanese empire, with sketches of Madeira, St. Helena, cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, Ceylon, Singapore, China, and Loo-Choo
Joyce
The Hunting Wasps
"All's not Gold that Glitters;" or, The Young Californian
A haunted life
The Life and Love of the Insect
Educational laws of Virginia : $b The personal narrative of Mrs. Margaret Douglass, a southern woman, who was imprisoned for one month in the common jail of Norfolk, under the laws of Virginia, for the crime of teaching free colored children to read
The book of antelopes, vol. 3 (of 4)
The true history of the ghost : $b and all about metempsychosis
Mr. Gladstone and Genesis: Essay #5 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
Baddeck, and That Sort of Thing
The Gilded Age, Part 2.
The Coming of the Friars
The Theology of Holiness
Military Reminiscences of the Civil War, Volume 2: November 1863-June 1865
The Settler and the Savage
The Coxswain's Bride; also, Jack Frost and Sons; and, A Double Rescue
Who Was She?: From "The Atlantic Monthly" for September, 1874
Blown to Bits: The Lonely Man of Rakata, the Malay Archipelago
Peter the Priest
Field and Forest; Or, The Fortunes of a Farmer
The American family Robinson : $b or, The adventures of a family lost in the great desert of the West.
Sketches of Travel in Normandy and Maine
Dolly and I: A Story for Little Folks
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: Rip van: Winkle
Due West; Or, Round the World in Ten Months
Mildred's New Daughter
Notes on the Book of Deuteronomy, Volume I
The Ghost Camp; or, the Avengers
"Those Holy Fields." Palestine, Illustrated by Pen and Pencil
Old Mr. Tredgold
The Oyster: Where, How and When to Find, Breed, Cook and Eat It
Half Hours With Modern Scientists: Lectures and Essays
Nelly : $b or, The best inheritance.
Memoirs of General William T. Sherman — Volume 2
Lectures on Evolution: Essay #3 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
Equality
Letters from High Latitudes: Being Some Account of a Voyage in 1856 of the Schooner Yacht "Foam" to Iceland, Jan Meyen, and Spitzbergen
The Two Sides of the Shield
Jingle Bells: Or, The One Horse Open Sleigh
Sixteen Poems
The Vicissitudes of Bessie Fairfax
David Fleming's Forgiveness
A Winter Amid the Ice, and Other Thrilling Stories
History of Free Thought in Reference to The Christian Religion
The History and Antiquities of Horsham
Elsie at Viamede
John Knox
My Unknown Chum: "Aguecheek"
Ekkehard: A Tale of the Tenth Century. Vol. 1 (of 2)
York Minster
Equatorial America: Descriptive of a Visit to St. Thomas, Martinique, Barbadoes, and the Principal Capitals of South America
The Assembly of God. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. III
Pictures of Southern Life, Social, Political, and Military.
The Mosstrooper: A Legend of the Scottish Border
An Unsentimental Journey through Cornwall
English Pictures Drawn with Pen and Pencil
The Ladies Lindores, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Further remarks on the policy of lending Bodleian printed books and manuscripts
At Bay
England and Canada: A Summer Tour Between Old and New Westminster, with Historical Notes
Plain Living: A Bush Idyll
All Taut; or, Rigging the boat
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Maturin Murray Ballou
The Reign of William Rufus and the Accession of Henry the First, Volume 2 (of 2)
A Woman's Quest: The life of Marie E. Zakrzewska, M.D.
Wakeman's handbook of Irish antiquities : $b Third Edition
Forrest House : $b A novel
Naval battles of the world : $b Great and decisive contests on the sea ... with an account of the Japan-China war and the recent battle of the Yalu; the growth, power, and management of our new Navy.
Of no account
The Interpreters of Genesis and the Interpreters of Nature: Essay #4 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
England
Town and Country; Or, Life at Home and Abroad, Without and Within Us
State of the Union Addresses
Aikenside
The Morgesons: A Novel
The Laws of War, Affecting Commerce and Shipping
A Journey to Katmandu (the Capital of Napaul), with the Camp of Jung Bahadoor: Including a Sketch of the Nepaulese Ambassador at Home
The Young Fur Traders
Jeff Benson, or the Young Coastguardsman
Personal Reminiscences in Book Making, and Some Short Stories
Woodward's Graperies and Horticultural Buildings
Modern Women and What is Said of Them: A Reprint of A Series of Articles in the Saturday Review (1868)
A Diplomatic Adventure
Days and Nights in London; Or, Studies in Black and Gray
History of the Opera from its Origin in Italy to the present Time: With Anecdotes of the Most Celebrated Composers and Vocalists of Europe
The Voice in Singing
There She Blows! Or, The Log of the Arethusa
The Green Hand: Adventures of a Naval Lieutenant
The Adventures of Two Alabama Boys
The Fall of Man; Or, The Loves of the Gorillas: A Popular Scientific Lecture Upon the Darwinian Theory of Development by Sexual Selection
Harold's Bride: A Tale
A New System of Sword Exercise for Infantry
How to Select Cows: or, The Guenon system simplified, explained, and practically applied
Mendel's principles of heredity: A defence
Frederick Law Olmsted : $b Landscape architect. Vol. 1, Early years and experiences, together with biographical notes.
Bones and I : $b or, the skeleton at home
The gold hunters : $b A first-hand picture of life in California mining camps in the early fifties
Samuel Brohl and Company
The Complete Writings of Charles Dudley Warner — Volume 4
The Method by Which the Causes of the Present and Past Conditions of Organic Nature Are to Be Discovered; the Origination of Living Beings: Lecture III. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
The Circassian Slave, or, the Sultan's favorite : a story of Constantinople and the Caucasus
Queen Victoria, her girlhood and womanhood
Prue and I
A Beleaguered City: Being a Narrative of Certain Recent Events in the City of Semur, in the Department of the Haute Bourgogne. A Story of the Seen and the Unseen
The Three Brides
The Testimony of the Bible Concerning the Assumptions of Destructive Criticism
The Armourer's Prentices
The Pioneers
The Prairie Chief
The Life of a Ship
A Key to the Knowledge of Church History (Ancient)
The Importance of the Proof-reader: A Paper read before the Club of Odd Volumes, in Boston, by John Wilson
Company 'A', corps of engineers, U.S.A., 1846-'48, in the Mexican war
Rulers of India: Akbar
The Story of the Atlantic Telegraph
Chronicles of the Schonberg-Cotta Family
Present Irish Questions
Expositor's Bible: The Book of Ecclesiastes
The Lord's Coming. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. II
Christmas Evans, the Preacher of Wild Wales: His country, his times, and his contemporaries
Facts and fancies in modern science: Studies of the relations of science to prevalent speculations and religious belief
Lectures on Bible Revision
My Miscellanies, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Studies of Travel: Greece
The Lu Lu Alphabet
Mary Lamb
New Lights on Old Paths
Historical Characters in the Reign of Queen Anne
Principle in Art, Etc.
The Unpublished Legends of Virgil
Harry Joscelyn; vol. 1 of 3
Harry Joscelyn; vol. 2 of 3
The story of my childhood
Life in the forests of the Far East (vol. 1 of 2)
Christmas at Cedar Hill : $b A holiday story-book
The adopted son : $b or, illustrations of the Lord's prayer
Robinson Crusoe, Jr. : $b A story for little folks
On the Method of Zadig: Essay #1 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
The Golden House
Modern Fiction
Diana of the Crossways — Volume 5
John Keble's Parishes: A History of Hursley and Otterbourne
The Life of John Milton Volume 3 1643-1649: Narrated in Connexion with the Political, Ecclesiastical, and Literary History of His Time
Miracles of Our Lord
Westways: A Village Chronicle
A Victorious Union
The One Moss-Rose
Fort Desolation: Red Indians and Fur Traders of Rupert's Land
Memoirs
Breaking Away; or, The Fortunes of a Student
The Story of the Rock
Up the River; or, Yachting on the Mississippi
The Defence of Stonington (Connecticut) Against a British Squadron, August 9th to 12th, 1814
Baby Nightcaps
Sporting Scenes amongst the Kaffirs of South Africa
Mopsa the Fairy
Misread Passages of Scriptures
Told by the death's head : $b a romantic tale
A Modern Buccaneer
Elijah the Tishbite. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. V
Clara Vaughan, Volume 2 (of 3)
Signing the Contract, and What It Cost
Bessbrook and Its Linen Mills: A Short Narrative of a Model Temperance Town
Discovery of the Yosemite, and the Indian War of 1851, Which Led to That Event
The Geographical Distribution of Animals, Volume 2: With a study of the relations of living and extinct faunas as elucidating the past changes of the Earth's surface
Life of Edwin Forrest, the American Tragedian. Volume 2 (of 2)
The Sweating Sickness in England
A History of the Comstock Silver Lode & Mines: Nevada and the Great Basin Region; Lake Tahoe and the High Sierras
The Continent of the Future: Africa and Its Wonderful Development: Exploration, Gold Mining, Trade, Missions and Elevation
Mildred's Married Life, and a Winter with Elsie Dinsmore: A sequel to Mildred and Elsie
Engineering reminiscences contributed to "Power" and "American machinist"
The Nile Tributaries of Abyssinia, and the Sword Hunters of the Hamran Arabs
Mr. Hogarth's Will
Memoirs of General W. T. Sherman, Volume II., Part 4
Picturesque Quebec : a sequel to Quebec past and present
Erema; Or, My Father's Sin
The poetical works of George MacDonald in two volumes — Volume 2
Rudimental Divine Science
Poems by Jean Ingelow, In Two Volumes, Volume I.
The Life of John Milton, Volume 5 (of 7), 1654-1660: Narrated in Connexion with the Political, Ecclesiastical, and Literary History of His Time
A Book of the Play: Studies and Illustrations of Histrionic Story, Life, and Character
Dr. Dumany's Wife
Frida; or, the lover's leap: a legend of the West Country: From "Slain by the Doones" by R. D. Blackmore
Chasing the Sun
Overbeck
Burl
Public School Education
East Anglia: Personal Recollections and Historical Associations
The Night Side of London
Irish History and the Irish Question
The Cradle of the Christ: A Study in Primitive Christianity
Crying for the Light; Or, Fifty Years Ago. Vol. 3 [of 3]
The Mystery of the Pinckney Draught
Money: Thoughts for God's Stewards
History of Civilization in England,  Vol. 2 of 3
The Life of Rossini
Living Too Fast; Or, The Confessions of a Bank Officer
St. Paul and Protestantism, with an Essay on Puritanism and the Church of England
Shavings & Scrapes from many parts
The Land of Darkness: Along with Some Further Chapters in the Experiences of the Little Pilgrim
Oral Tradition from the Indus: Comprised in Tales to Which Are Added Explanatory Notes
The Historical Geography of Europe, Vol. II, Maps
The Duke's Daughter; and, The Fugitives; vol. 1/3
Washington the Soldier
Atlanta offering: Poems
Wessagusset and Weymouth
Essays in medical sociology, Volume 2 (of 2)
Scripture texts illustrated by general literature
Queenie Hetherton
The book of antelopes, vol. 2 (of 4)
Aunt Milly's diamonds
Poor and Proud; Or, The Fortunes of Katy Redburn: A Story for Young Folks
Hasisadra's Adventure: Essay #7 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
California, 1849-1913; Or, The Rambling Sketches and Experiences of Sixty-four Years' Residence in that State
The Gilded Age, Part 7.
Darwiniana : Essays — Volume 02
The Land of Midian (Revisited) — Volume 2
Purgatory: Doctrinal, Historical, and Poetical
Far Above Rubies
Plays
Led Astray and The Sphinx: Two Novellas In One Volume
Rivers of Ice
The Battery and the Boiler: Adventures in Laying of Submarine Electric Cables
Charlie to the Rescue
The Brigade Commander
The Printer Boy; Or, How Benjamin Franklin Made His Mark: An Example for Youth.
Try Again; Or, the Trials and Triumphs of Harry West. A Story for Young Folks
The Spaniards in Florida: Comprising the Notable Settlement of the Huguenots in 1564, and the History and Antiquities of St. Augustine, Founded A.D. 1565
Following the Flag, from August 1861 to November 1862, with the Army of the Potomac
Merkland; or, Self Sacrifice
Hester: A Story of Contemporary Life, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Emancipation of South America
Smokiana: Historical; Ethnographical
Wonderful escapes
The Common Objects of the Country
The Romance of War; or, The Highlanders in Spain, Volume 3 (of 3)
Five Acres Too Much: A truthful elucidation of the attractions of the country, and a careful consideration of the question of profit and loss as involved in amateur farming, with much valuable advice and instruction to those about purchasing large or small places in the rural districts
The Complete Testimony of the Fathers of the First Three Centuries Concerning the Sabbath and First Day
Joseph Rogers, M.D.: Reminiscences of a Workhouse Medical Officer
The Mysteries of Florence
Philip Rollo; or, the Scottish Musketeers, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Youth of Washington: Told in the Form of an Autobiography
Elsie and the Raymonds
Elsie's Friends at Woodburn
Hayti; or, The black republic.
The Fairchilds : $b or, "Do what you can"
The Breitmann Ballads
What to Do? Thoughts Evoked by the Census of Moscow
The Herd Boy and His Hermit
Facts and Arguments for Darwin
Expositions of Holy Scripture : St. Matthew Chaps. IX to XXVIII
The poetical works of George MacDonald in two volumes — Volume 1
Redemption and two other plays
Dream Life: A Fable of the Seasons
Sir Walter Scott
Ungava
The Lonely Island: The Refuge of the Mutineers
Little By Little; or, The Cruise of the Flyaway
Handbook to the new Gold-fields
The Farmer Boy, and How He Became Commander-In-Chief
Under the Southern Cross: Or Travels in Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, Samoa, and Other Pacific Islands
Historic Handbook of the Northern Tour: Lakes George and Champlain; Niagara; Montreal; Quebec
Sermons
My Fire Opal, and Other Tales
The All-Sufficiency of Christ. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. I
The Art of Entertaining
Sleep and Its Derangements
Studies of Travel: Italy
The Laird of Norlaw; A Scottish Story
The Ways of Life: Two Stories
London Cries & Public Edifices
Wanderings in Corsica: Its History and Its Heroes. Vol. 2 of 2
Attila and His Conquerors: A Story of the Days of St. Patrick and St. Leo the Great
South America
The Life of the Weevil
Auld lang syne
A wilful ward
The battle of life : $b or, What is a Christian
Countess Kate
The Shaving of Shagpat; an Arabian entertainment — Volume 3
Vittoria — Volume 5
From the Easy Chair, Volume 1
Life of Luther
Noteworthy Families (Modern Science): An Index to Kinships in Near Degrees between Persons Whose Achievements Are Honourable, and Have Been Publicly Recorded
Myth and Science: An Essay
Red Rooney: The Last of the Crew
The Boat Club; or, The Bunkers of Rippleton
Little Bobtail; or, The Wreck of the Penobscot.
Stories and Legends of Travel and History, for Children
Narrative of Richard Lee Mason in the Pioneer West, 1819
The Red Moccasins: A Story
Adventures of Hans Sterk: The South African Hunter and Pioneer
The Dangerous Classes of New York, and Twenty Years' Work Among Them
Riding Recollections, 5th ed.
Autobiography of Charles Clinton Nourse: Prepared for use of Members of the Family
Life and Times of David. Miscellaneous Writings of C. H. Mackintosh, vol. VI
Pictures in Umbria
Claret and Olives, from the Garonne to the Rhone: Notes, social, picturesque, and legendary, by the way.
Greater Greece and Greater Britain; and, George Washington, the Expander of England.: Two Lectures with an Appendix
The Orphan's Home Mittens, and George's Account of the Battle of Roanoke Island: Being the Sixth and Last Book of the Series
Directions for Cooking by Troops, in Camp and Hospital: Prepared for the Army of Virginia, and published by order of the Surgeon General, with essays on "taking food," and "what food."
The Sorceress (complete)
Heart and Cross
Life of a Pioneer: Being the Autobiography of James S. Brown
The Campaign of Sedan: The Downfall of the Second Empire, August-September 1870
A Rose in June
Engraved Gems
Our Union and Its Defenders: An Oration, Delivered Before the Citizens of Burlington, N.J., on the Occasion of Their Celebration of the Eighty-Sixth Anniversary of Independence Day, July 4th, 1862
Christian Schools and Scholars: or, Sketches of Education from the Christian Era to the Council of Trent
The Principles of Biology, Volume 2 (of 2)
Book of cats and dogs, and other friends, for little folks
Mrs. Gurney's apology : $b In justification of Mrs. ——'s friendship
Catalogue of the dipterous insects collected at Singapore and Malacca
Lady Rosamond's book : $b or, Dawnings of light
The Present Condition of Organic Nature: Lecture I. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
The Relation of Literature to Life
On the Significance of Science and Art
Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Collected Works of George Meredith
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Part 5.
Lectures and Essays
Verses and Rhymes By the Way
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Matthew
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 2 Corinthians
Paul Faber, Surgeon
The Laurel Bush: An Old-Fashioned Love Story
The Religious Situation
Rudimental Divine Science
Post Haste
The Lifeboat
Hubert's Wife: A Story for You
Desk and Debit; or, The Catastrophes of a Clerk
New and Original Theories of the Great Physical Forces
The Philosophy of the Conditioned
The Cruise of the Elena; Or, Yachting in the Hebrides
Lily Pearl and The Mistress of Rosedale
Salem Chapel, v. 2/2
George Buchanan
Secrets of the Late Rebellion, Now Revealed for the First Time
Borth Lyrics
Recollections of a Pioneer
The Mentor: A little book for the guidance of such men and boys as would appear to advantage in the society of persons of the better sort
The Orchid Album, Volume 1: Comprising Coloured Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, and Beautiful Orchidaceous Plants
My Memory of Gladstone
The Pastor: His Qualifications and Duties
Practical Organ Building
West Point Colors
Reveries of a Bachelor; or, A Book of the Heart
A Practical Manual of the Collodion Process, Giving in Detail a Method For Producing Positive and Negative Pictures on Glass and Paper.
Jack Manly; His Adventures by Sea and Land
The King's Own Borderers: A Military Romance, Volume 1 (of 3)
Rajah Brooke : $b the Englishman as ruler of an eastern state
Marian Grey : $b or, The heiress of Redstone Hall
Friend and foe : $b Or, the breastplate of righteousness
The Rise and Progress of Palaeontology: Essay #2 from "Science and Hebrew Tradition"
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Part 4.
Life of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen — Volume 2
Recollections of My Youth
Famous Americans of Recent Times
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: Francesca da Rimini
Homestead on the Hillside
Religion and Theology: A Sermon for the Times: Preached in the Parish Church of Crathie, fifth September and in the College Church, St Andrews
University Education in Ireland
Lighter Moments from the Notebook of Bishop Walsham How
Elsie at Ion
John Call Dalton, M.D., U.S.V.
The Sorceress; v. 1 of 3
What I Saw in Kaffir-Land
The Wonderful Stories of Fuz-Buz the Fly and Mother Grabem the Spider
English Lands, Letters and Kings, vol. 2: From Elizabeth to Anne
Adventures of an Aide-de-Camp; or, A Campaign in Calabria, Volume 3 (of 3)
Being a Boy
Sermons of the Rev. Francis A. Baker, Priest of the Congregation of St. Paul: With a Memoir of His Life
The War with Russia; Its Origin and Cause: A Reply to the Letter of J. Bright, Esq., M.P.
"Gamle Norge": Rambles and Scrambles in Norway
Young Musgrave
More Beetles
The early Plantagenets
History of my pets
Shearing in the Riverina, New South Wales
Memoirs of General W. T. Sherman, Volume I., Part 1
Haste and Waste; Or, the Young Pilot of Lake Champlain. A Story for Young People
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 1 Corinthians
American Addresses, with a Lecture on the Study of Biology
Saved by the Lifeboat
Venus in Boston: A Romance of City Life
Pepita Ximenez
Little Wolf: A Tale of the Western Frontier
On the Variation of Species, with Especial Reference to the Insecta: Followed by an Inquiry into the Nature of Genera
American Inventions and Inventors
Jaundice: Its Pathology and Treatment: With the Application of Physiological Chemistry to the Detection and Treatment of Diseases of the Liver and Pancreas
Life's Dawn on Earth: Being the history of the oldest known fossil remains, and their relations to geological time and to the development of the animal kingdom
A Bibliography of Bibliography; Or, a Handy Book About Books Which Relate to Books
The Squirrel Hunters of Ohio; or, Glimpses of Pioneer Life
The Last Chance: A Tale of the Golden West
Up in the garret
Boys of Other Countries
Whistler; or, The Manly Boy
Timid Lucy
The schoolmaster's trunk, containing papers on home-life in Tweenit
On adipocire, and its formation
Zanzibar; city, island, and coast. Vol. 2 (of 2)
The 'Scots Brigade,' and other tales
The Chevalier's daughter : $b or, An exile for the truth
On the Reception of the 'Origin of Species'
Country Life in Canada Fifty Years Ago: Personal recollections and reminiscences of a sexagenarian
The Seaboard Parish, Complete
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Romans
Pulpit and Press (6th Edition)
Beechenbrook: A Rhyme of the War
Oration on the Life and Character of Henry Winter Davis
Sunk at Sea
Stories of Many Lands
A Country Gentleman and His Family
The Trumpeter of Säkkingen: A Song from the Upper Rhine.
Here and There in London
The Scientific Basis of National Progress, Including that of Morality
The Gentleman Cadet: His Career and Adventures at the Royal Military Academy Woolwich
Our Girls
Gibraltar
Subsidiary Notes as to the Introduction of Female Nursing into Military Hospitals in Peace and War
Essays: Scientific, Political, & Speculative; Vol. 2 of 3: Library Edition (1891), Containing Seven Essays not before Republished, and Various other Additions.
The Princess Tarakanova: A Dark Chapter of Russian History
English Lands, Letters and Kings, vol. 1: From Celt to Tudor
Two Strangers
George Edmund Street: Unpublished Notes and Reprinted Papers
Beyond the Black Waters
Life Incidents, in Connection with the Great Advent Movement, as Illustrated by the Three Angels of Revelation XIV (Volume 1)
Life of Frances Power Cobbe, as told by herself: with additions by the author, and introduction by Blanche Atkinson
Twenty years at sea: Leaves from my old log-books
Essays in medical sociology, Volume 1 (of 2)
A. L. O. E.'s picture story book.
The Conditions of Existence as Affecting the Perpetuation of Living Beings: Lecture V. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
Certain Diversities of American Life
Nuttie's Father
Friarswood Post Office
Diana of the Crossways — Volume 4
The Sea-Witch; Or, The African Quadroon: A Story of the Slave Coast
The Duke's Prize; a Story of Art and Heart in Florence
The Heart's Secret; Or, the Fortunes of a Soldier: a Story of Love and the Low Latitudes.
What's Mine's Mine — Complete
Under the Storm
The Potiphar Papers
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Preface and Introductions
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Revelation
A Wreath of Virginia Bay Leaves: Poems of James Barron Hope
Sermons to the Natural Man
Oriental Religions and Christianity: A Course of Lectures Delivered on the Ely Foundation Before the; Students of Union Theological Seminary, New York, 1891
Dreamthorp : $b A book of essays written in the country
The Bobbin Boy; or, How Nat Got His learning
Strong Souls: A Sermon
Silver Lake
Twice Bought
Hebrew Heroes: A Tale Founded on Jewish History
The Strange Adventures of Captain Dangerous, Vol. 1: Who was a sailor, a soldier, a merchant, a spy, a slave; among the moors...
The Golden House
Elsie in the South
More Mittens; with The Doll's Wedding and Other Stories: Being the third book of the series
Memoirs of Orange Jacobs
Rachel Gray: A Tale Founded on Fact
The Young Dragoon: Every Day Life of a Soldier
River Legends; Or, Father Thames and Father Rhine
At His Gates: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Elsie and Her Loved Ones
Old Court Life in Spain, vol. 1/2
The Story of the Thirty-second Regiment, Massachusetts Infantry: Whence it came; where it went; what it saw, and what it did
The Cuckoo in the Nest, v. 2/2
English Lands, Letters and Kings, vol. 4: The Later Georges to Victoria
A Wreath of Indian Stories
Is a Ship Canal Practicable?: Notes, Historical and Statistical, Upon the Projected Routes for an Interoceanic Ship Canal Between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in Which is Included a Short Account of the Character and Influence of the Canal of Suez, and the Probable Effects Upon the Commerce of the World of the Two Canals, Regarded Either as Rivals, or as Parts of One System of Interoceanic Navigation
Climate and Time in Their Geological Relations: A Theory of Secular Changes of the Earth's Climate
Harry Joscelyn; vol. 3 of 3
Supplement to Harvesting Ants and Trap-Door Spiders
Christmas stories
Doctor Hathern's daughters : $b A story of Virginia, in four parts
Backlog Studies
My Young Alcides: A Faded Photograph
The Great Conspiracy, Volume 4
Adela Cathcart, Volume 3
From Boyhood to Manhood: Life of Benjamin Franklin
The Botanist's Companion, Volume II: Or an Introduction to the Knowledge of Practical Botany, and the Uses of Plants. Either Growing Wild in Great Britain, or Cultivated for the Puroses of Agriculture, Medicine, Rural Oeconomy, or the Arts
Christian's Mistake
Beside the Still Waters: A Sermon
Fighting the Whales
Shifting Winds: A Tough Yarn
The Walrus Hunters: A Romance of the Realms of Ice
Churchwardens' Manual: their duties, powers, rights, and privilages
A Spelling-Book for Advanced Classes
The Perpetual Curate
The Falling Flag: Evacuation of Richmond, Retreat and Surrender at Appomattox
Whitman's Ride Through Savage Lands, with Sketches of Indian Life
Drifting
The Ladies Lindores, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Lincoln and the Sleeping Sentinel: The True Story
Book of Mormon Stories. No. 1.: Adapted to the Capacity of Young Children, and Designed for Use in Sabbath Schools, Primary Associations, and for Home Reading
Daughters of Belgravia; vol. 3 of 3
Poems of Progress
The Babees' Book: Medieval Manners for the Young
Fighting Joe; Or, The Fortunes of a Staff Officer. A Story of the Great Rebellion
Sketches of the War: A Series of Letters to the North Moore Street School of New York
Sketches in Prison Camps: A Continuation of Sketches of the War
The Sabbath, the Crystal Palace, and the People
A Manual of Photographic Chemistry, Including the Practice of the Collodion Process
The Scientific Spirit of the Age, and Other Pleas and Discussions
Marcus; or, The Boy-Tamer
The entertaining story of King Brondé, his Lily and his Rosebud
A defence of modern spiritualism
Leisure hours among the gems
The little merchant : $b A story for little folks
School-life at Winchester College : $b or, the reminiscences of a Winchester junior under the old régime, 1835-40.
Some Causes of the Prevailing Discontent
The Census in Moscow
The Lances of Lynwood
Diana of the Crossways — Volume 1
Ars Recte Vivendi; Being Essays Contributed to "The Easy Chair"
The Seaboard Parish Volume 1
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Acts
The Two Guardians: or, Home in This World
Old Lady Mary: A Story of the Seen and the Unseen
Gutta-Percha Willie: The Working Genius
A Brief Memoir with Portions of the Diary, Letters, and Other Remains,: of Eliza Southall, Late of Birmingham, England
A Residence in France During the Years 1792, 1793, 1794 and 1795, Complete: Described in a Series of Letters from an English Lady: with General and Incidental Remarks on the French Character and Manners
Now or Never; Or, The Adventures of Bobby Bright: A Story for Young Folks
Family Pride; Or, Purified by Suffering
Cross Purposes and The Shadows
Notes on Certain Maya and Mexican Manuscripts: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1881-82, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1884, pages 3-66
Gascoyne, the Sandal-Wood Trader
The Deluge in the Light of Modern Science: A Discourse
Pioneer Surgery in Kentucky: A Sketch
The German Pioneers: A Tale of the Mohawk
Withered Leaves: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Aphorisms and Reflections from the Works of T. H. Huxley
The Idiot: His Place in Creation, and His Claims on Society
A Widow's Tale, and Other Stories
Hesperothen; Notes from the West, Vol. 1 (of 2): A Record of a Ramble in the United States and Canada in the Spring and Summer of 1881
Cradock Nowell: A Tale of the New Forest. Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Last of the Mortimers: A Story in Two Voices
Was John Bunyan a Gipsy?
Neighbours on the Green
The Cavaliers of Fortune; Or, British Heroes in Foreign Wars
The Two Dianas, Volume 1 (of 3)
Chateau d'Or, Norah, and Kitty Craig
The red plant
The gold thimble : $b A story for little folks
Auld lang syne. Second series : $b My Indian friends
The picnic party : $b A story for little folks
Reynard the fox in South Africa : $b or, Hottentot Fables and Tales, chiefly translated from original manuscripts in the Library of His Excellency Sir George Grey, K.C.B.
On the Advisableness of Improving Natural Knowledge
As We Go
The Future of the Colored Race in America: Being an article in the Presbyterian quarterly review of July, 1862
Rhoda Fleming — Volume 4
The Tragic Comedians: A Study in a Well-known Story — Volume 1
Miscellaneous Prose
State of the Union Addresses
Personal Memoirs of  U. S. Grant, Part 6.
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 2 Timothy
A Residence in France During the Years 1792, 1793, 1794 and 1795, Part II., 1793: Described in a Series of Letters from an English Lady: with General and Incidental Remarks on the French Character and Manners
All Aboard; or, Life on the Lake: A Sequel to "The Boat Club"
The truce of God: A tale of the eleventh century
The Visions of England: Lyrics on leading men and events in English History
The Red Man's Revenge: A Tale of The Red River Flood
The Man Who Stole A Meeting-House: 1878, From "Coupon Bonds"
The Rambles of a Rat
The London Pulpit
Letters of a Lunatic: A Brief Exposition of My University Life, During the Years 1853-54
Quisisana; or, Rest at Last
Aphorisms and Reflections from the works of T. H. Huxley
The Coward: A Novel of Society and the Field in 1863
Ludicrous Aspects Of Christianity: A Response To The Challenge Of The Bishop Of Manchester
Frederica and her Guardians; Or, The Perils of Orphanhood
The House on the Moor, v. 1/3
First Lessons in the Maori Language, with a Short Vocabulary
A Colonial Reformer, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The British Jugernath: Free trade! Fair trade!! Reciprocity!!! Retaliation!!!!
The Purchase of the North Pole: A sequel to "From the earth to the moon"
The Historical Geography of Europe, Vol. I, Text
The American Navy and Liberia: An Address before the American Colonization Society, January 18, 1876
In Trust: The Story of a Lady and Her Lover
The Scottish Cavalier: An Historical Romance, Volume 1 (of 3)
Mopsa the Fairy
Hours with the Mystics: A Contribution to the History of Religious Opinion
The land of gold; reality versus fiction
The adventures of Rob Roy
Three years in field hospitals of the Army of the Potomac
Glen's Creek
The Perpetuation of Living Beings, Hereditary Transmission and Variation: Lecture IV. (of VI.), "Lectures to Working Men", at the Museum of Practical Geology, 1863, on Darwin's Work: "Origin of Species"
Fashions in Literature
Cousin Maude
Celt and Saxon — Complete
What's Mine's Mine — Volume 3
Sowing and Reaping: A Temperance Story
Thirty Years in the Itinerancy
Border and Bastille
Recollections of Forty Years in the House, Senate and Cabinet: An Autobiography.
1931: A Glance at the Twentieth Century
Hammer and Anvil: A Novel
Withered Leaves: A Novel.  Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Monarchs of the Main; Or, Adventures of the Buccaneers. Volume 2 (of 3)
Pictures of Canadian Life: A Record of Actual Experiences
Mildred Keith
The Smuggler of King's Cove; or, The Old Chapel Mystery
The Sorceress, v. 2 of 3
Daughters of Belgravia; vol. 1 of 3
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Thomas Wentworth Higginson
The Railway Man and His Children
The Last Ninety Days of the War in North-Carolina
Colville of the Guards, Volume 2 (of 3)
Relics of Primeval Life: Beginning of Life in the Dawn of Geological Time
Mountains and molehills; or, Recollections of a burnt journal
The book of antelopes, vol. 1 (of 4)
Carità
The Pigeon Pie
What Is Your Culture to Me?
Vittoria — Volume 1
Godliness : being reports of a series of addresses delivered at James's Hall, London, W. during 1881
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Philippians
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Philemon
Poems
Is Mars habitable? A critical examination of Professor Percival Lowell's book "Mars and its canals," with an alternative explanation
Fated to Be Free: A Novel
Mr. Kris Kringle: A Christmas Tale
Fighting the Whales
A Ghetto Violet: From "Christian and Leah"
Winning His Way
Forty Years a Gambler on the Mississippi
The Young Lieutenant; or, The Adventures of an Army Officer
Hansford: A Tale of Bacon's Rebellion
The Religious Life of London
The Monarchs of the Main; Or, Adventures of the Buccaneers. Volume 3 (of 3)
A Summer's Outing, and The Old Man's Story
Shakspere & Typography
The Curate in Charge
Poems
Whiteladies
Frank's Ranche; Or, My Holiday in the Rockies: Being a Contribution to the Inquiry into What We Are to Do with Our Boys
The Athelings; or, the Three Gifts. Vol. 2/3
Who Was Lost and Is Found: A Novel
Kirsteen: The Story of a Scotch Family Seventy Years Ago
The Great Revival of the Eighteenth Century: With a supplemental chapter on the revival in America
Sheer Off: A Tale
A Half Century Among the Siamese and the Lāo: An Autobiography
The Life and Sufferings of Leonard Black, a Fugitive from Slavery
Cerise: A Tale of the Last Century
Memoirs of General William T. Sherman — Volume 1
Time and Life: Mr. Darwin's "Origin of Species"
Criticisms on "The Origin of Species": From 'The Natural History Review', 1864
The Indeterminate Sentence: What Shall Be Done with the Criminal Class?
The Novel and the Common School
Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of Charles Dudley Warner
Scenes and Characters, or, Eighteen Months at Beechcroft
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Part 2.
Dora Deane; Or, The East India Uncle
Snowflakes and Sunbeams; Or, The Young Fur-traders: A Tale of the Far North
Hurrah for New England!: Or, The Virginia Boy's Vacation
Religion in Earnest: A Memorial of Mrs. Mary Lyth, of York
Más vale maña que fuerza: Proverbio en un acto; with notes, exercises, and vocabulary
General Instructions for the Guidance of Post Office Inspectors in the Dominion of Canada
Blue Lights: Hot Work in the Soudan
The Coming Wave; Or, The Hidden Treasure of High Rock
Due South; or, Cuba Past and Present
Through Night to Light: A Novel
What the Swallow Sang: A Novel
The Breaking of the Storm, Vol. III.
Essays Upon Some Controverted Questions
Gabriel: A Story of the Jews in Prague
At His Gates: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Life and Times of Her Majesty Caroline Matilda, Vol. 2 (of 3): Queen of Denmark and Norway, and Sister of H. M. George III. of England
Old Court Life in Spain, vol. 2/2
Human Follies (La Bêtise Humaine.)
Studies in the South and West, with Comments on Canada
Essays: Scientific, Political, & Speculative; Vol. 3 of 3: Library Edition (1891), Containing Seven Essays not before Republished, and Various other Additions.
Shakespeare the Boy: With Sketches of the Home and School Life, Games and Sports, Manners, Customs and Folk-lore of the Time
A Colonial Reformer, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Adventures of an Aide-de-Camp; or, A Campaign in Calabria, Volume 2 (of 3)
New York: Its Upper Ten and Lower Million
Sons and Daughters
Poems by Speranza
"Pennsylvania Dutch," and other essays
Mildred : $b A novel
The Complete Writings of Charles Dudley Warner — Volume 1
As We Were Saying
Diana of the Crossways — Volume 3
Memoirs of General W. T. Sherman, Volume II., Part 3
Personal Memoirs of U. S. Grant, Part 3.
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Luke
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, John
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 1 Peter
Wild Bill's Last Trail
Dikes and Ditches; Or, Young America in Holland and Belgium
The Young Surveyor; Or, Jack on the Prairies
Theory and Practice, Applied to the Cultivation of the Cucumber in the Winter Season: To Which Is Added a Chapter on Melons
The Alternative: A Separate Nationality; or, The Africanization of the South
The Breaking of the Storm, Vol. I.
The Breaking of the Storm, Vol. II.
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistle to the Philippians
Our People: From the Collection of "Mr. Punch"
On the State of Lunacy and the Legal Provision for the Insane: With Observations on the Construction and Organization of Asylums
The Lady's Walk
Trips in the Life of a Locomotive Engineer
John, A Love Story; vol. 1 of 2
American Dangers and Duties
The Two Dianas, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Jews in Great Britain: Being a Series of Six Lectures, Delivered in the Liverpool Collegiate Institution, on the Antiquities of the Jews in England.
A short history of the Norman Conquest of England
Innocent : $b a tale of modern life
That Fortune
The Vigilance Committee of 1856
St. George and St. Michael, Volume 1
What's Mine's Mine — Volume 1
Thomas Wingfold, Curate V1
Woman and Her Saviour in Persia: By a Returned Missionary
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 3 John
The Village Sunday School, with brief sketches of three of its scholars
A Lecture on Physical Development, and its Relations to Mental and Spiritual Development, delivered before the American Institute of Instruction, at their Twenty-Ninth Annual Meeting, in Norwich, Conn., August 20, 1858
Poems by Jean Ingelow, In Two Volumes, Volume II.
National character : $b A Thanksgiving discourse: Delivered November 15th, 1855, in the Franklin Street Presbyterian Church
Dusty Diamonds Cut and Polished: A Tale of City Arab Life and Adventure
Hudson Bay
Our campaign around Gettysburg: Being a memorial of what was endured, suffered and accomplished by the Twenty-third regiment (N. Y. S. N. G.) and other regiments associated with them, in their Pennsylvania and Maryland campaign, during the second rebel invasion of the loyal states in June-July, 1863
The Lonely House
The Monarchs of the Main; Or, Adventures of the Buccaneers. Volume 1 (of 3)
Cradock Nowell: A Tale of the New Forest. Vol. 3 (of 3)
On the phenomena of hybridity in the genus Homo
Campaigning in Kaffirland; Or, Scenes and Adventures in the Kaffir War of 1851-52
The New Sunday Liquor Law Vindicated
Brownlows: A Novel
Imperialism in South Africa
The Marriage of Elinor
The Orchid Album, Volume 3: Comprising Coloured Figures and Descriptions of New, Rare, and Beautiful Orchidaceous Plants
A Sketch of the 29th Regiment of Connecticut Colored Troops
Poems and Lyrics of the Joy of Earth
The Phantom Regiment; or, Stories of "Ours"
Cassell's book of birds; vol. 4
The Christmas gift : $b A story for little folks
Fairs, past and present : $b A chapter in the history of commerce
An Autobiography
Rhoda Fleming — Volume 5
Daughters of the Cross: or Woman's Mission
Five Sermons
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 2 Thessalonians
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Jude
Bad Hugh
Abraham Lincoln : $b A memorial discourse
The Crew of the Water Wagtail
The Theories of Darwin and Their Relation to Philosophy, Religion, and Morality
The Happiness of Heaven: By a Father of the Society of Jesus
My Life: or the Adventures of Geo. Thompson: Being the Auto-Biography of an Author. Written by Himself.
In Love With the Czarina, and Other Stories
The Further Adventures of Mr. Verdant Green, an Oxford Under-Graduate: Being a Continuation of "The Adventures of Mr. Verdant Green, an Oxford Freshman"
The House on the Moor, v. 2/3
In the path of the alphabet: an historical account of the ancient beginnings and evolution of the modern alphabet
Thoughts on Slavery and Cheap Sugar: A Letter to the Members and Friends of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society
Stem to Stern; or, building the boat
Kate Vernon: A Tale. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Milch Cows and Dairy Farming: Comprising the Breeds, Breeding, and Management, in Health and Disease, of Dairy and Other Stock, the Selection of Milch Cows, with a Full Explanation of Guenon's Method; The Culture of Forage Plants, and the Production of Milk, Butter, and Cheese: Embodying the Most Recent Improvements, and Adapted to Farming in the United States and British Provinces. With a Treatise upon the Dairy Husbandry of Holland; To Which Is Added Horsfall's System of Dairy Management
Memoir of a Brother
The Secret Dispatch; or, The Adventures of Captain Balgonie
Memoirs and Services of the Eighty-third Regiment, County of Dublin, from 1793 to 1907: Including the Campaigns of the Regiment in the West Indies, Africa, the Peninsula, Ceylon, Canada, and India
A Muramasa blade : $b A story of feudalism in old Japan
Memoirs of General W. T. Sherman, Volume I., Part 2
Shakespeare's Bones: The Proposal to Disinter Them, Considered in Relation to Their Possible Bearing on His Portraiture: Illustrated by Instances of Visits of the Living to the Dead
The Autobiography of a Journalist, Volume I
Frank and Fanny
Sword and Gown: A Novel
Eventide: A Series of Tales and Poems
Stephen Grattan's Faith: A Canadian Story
No Sect in Heaven
Presidential Candidates:: Containing Sketches, Biographical, Personal and Political, of Prominent Candidates for the Presidency in 1860
The Great Musicians: Rossini and His School
The Wave of Scepticism and the Rock of Truth
The Conspiracy of Gianluigi Fieschi, or, Genoa in the sixteenth century.
The Origin of the Red Cross: "Un souvenir de Solferino"
Squire Arden; volume 1 of 3
Poems
Madam: A Novel
A Chance for Himself; or, Jack Hazard and His Treasure
Maiolica
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of R. D. Blackmore
Colville of the Guards, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Mason-Wasps
Dulcie Carlyon: A novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
The convict's child : $b or, the helmet of hope.
Little Sunshine's holiday : $b A picture from life
The Darwinian Hypothesis
Sandra Belloni — Volume 6
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 2 John
A Residence in France During the Years 1792, 1793, 1794 and 1795, Part I. 1792: Described in a Series of Letters from an English Lady: with General and Incidental Remarks on the French Character and Manners
Cowper
Fifty Years of Public Service: Personal Recollections of Shelby M. Cullom, Senior United States Senator from Illinois
A Christian But a Roman
The Crisis of Eighteen Hundred and Sixty-One in the Government of the United States.: Its Cause, and How It Should Be Met
The War Tiger: Or, Adventures and Wonderful Fortunes of the Young Sea Chief and His Lad Chow: A Tale of the Conquest of China
Over the Ocean; or, Sights and Scenes in Foreign Lands
The Days of My Life: An Autobiography
Golden Dreams and Leaden Realities
Babes in the Bush
John Bunyan and the Gipsies
Northern Lands; Or, Young America in Russia and Prussia
Squire Arden; volume 3 of 3
The Game-Birds of the Coasts and Lakes of the Northern States of America: A full account of the sporting along our sea-shores and inland waters, with a comparison of the merits of breech-loaders and muzzle-loaders
India and Indian Engineering.: Three lectures delivered at the Royal Engineer Institute, Chatham, in July 1872
The Minister's Wife
Life and Writings of Thomas R. Malthus
The Primrose Path: A Chapter in the Annals of the Kingdom of Fife
The Mexican War diary of George B. McClellan
Sketches from the history of medicine, ancient and modern: An oration delivered before the Hunterian Society
Goa and the Blue Mountains; or, Six months of sick leave
The Cameron pride; or, purified by suffering : $b A novel
On the Study of Zoology
Evan Harrington — Volume 5
The Amazing Marriage — Volume 2
The Seaboard Parish Volume 3
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Titus
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 2 Peter
A Little Pilgrim: Stories of the Seen and the Unseen
Discourses: Biological & Geological: Essays
Recollections of a Long Life: An Autobiography
The Dock and the Scaffold: The Manchester Tragedy and the Cruise of the Jacknell
The Lively Poll: A Tale of the North Sea
Daisy; or, The Fairy Spectacles
A History of the Ninth Regiment, Illinois Volunteer Infantry
The Cretan Insurrection of 1866-7-8
The Mormons: A Discourse Delivered Before the Historical Society of Pennsylvania
The Sorceress, v. 3 of 3
Squire Arden; volume 2 of 3
The Horse of America in His Derivation, History, and Development
He that will not when he may; vol. III
Report of the Sanitary Committee of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, together with a report of the Medical Officer of Health on the objections raised by the Butchers' Trade Society to the bye-laws proposed for the regulation of slaughter-houses
The Queen's cadet, and other tales
Leonard Lindsay ; $b or, the story of a buccaneer
The brother's return, and other stories
A commentary on Ecclesiastes
Nine Short Essays
Diana of the Crossways — Volume 2
Memoirs of James Robert Hope-Scott, Volume 2
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Mark
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, James
Poems
The Soldier Boy; or, Tom Somers in the Army: A Story of the Great Rebellion
The Organization of the Congregation in the Early Lutheran Churches in America
No Refuge but in Truth
Shenac's Work at Home
Hope and Have; or, Fanny Grant Among the Indians: A Story for Young People
The Corsair King
The Elm Tree Tales
Sir Tom
Report of the Proceedings at the Examination of Charles G. Davis, Esq., on the Charge of Aiding and Abetting in the Rescue of a Fugitive Slave: Held in Boston, in February, 1851.
Quicksands
The Three Hills, and Other Poems
Minnie; or, The Little Woman: A Fairy Story
Contraband; Or, A Losing Hazard
The Train Wire: A Discussion of the Science of Train Dispatching: (Second Edition)
Tales from the Telling-House
Playing Santa Claus, and Other Christmas Tales
A House in Bloomsbury
Poems from the Inner Life
The Story of Valentine and His Brother
Oliver's Bride; A true Story
A Southern Woman's Story
"The Numbering of the People": A Sermon in conjunction with the census of 1861 preached in St. Thomas' Church, Islington, on Sunday Evening, April 7
An introductory lecture on archæology : $b Delivered before the University of Cambridge
Quotes and Images From The Works of Charles Dudley Warner
Expositions of Holy Scripture: St. John Chaps. XV to XXI
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 1 Thessalonians
The True Woman: A Series of Discourses, to Which Is Added Woman vs. Ballot
Philosopher Jack
Tired Church Members
The Rector
Withered Leaves: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Crying for the Light; Or, Fifty Years Ago. Vol. 1 [of 3]
For Sceptre and Crown: A Romance of the Present Time. Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Thorn in the Nest
Auroræ: Their Characters and Spectra
The Quiet Heart
Effie Ogilvie: the story of a young life; vol. 2
Effie Ogilvie: the story of a young life (Complete)
Tales of the Wild and the Wonderful [1825]
Etiquette for Little Folks
The Trouvelot astronomical drawings manual
The book of antelopes, vol. 4 (of 4)
Hold fast
Julia Cary and her kitten
Edinburgh sketches & memories
Harry Muir : $b A story of Scottish life, vol. 1 (of 3)
Clinton : $b or, boy-life in the country
One of Our Conquerors — Volume 4
What's Mine's Mine — Volume 2
Thomas Wingfold, Curate V3
Widger's Quotes and Images from Monsieur de Camors by Octave Feuillet: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 1 John
A Reply to Dr. Lightfoot's Essays, by the Author of "Supernatural religion"
St. George's Cross; Or, England Above All
Lady Inger of Ostrat: Henrik Ibsen's Prose Dramas Vol III
Indian Legends and Other Poems
Christie Redfern's Troubles
Allison Bain; Or, By a Way She Knew Not
Collectanea de Diversis Rebus: Addresses and Papers
The Lost Faith, and Difficulties of the Bible, as Tested by the Laws of Evidence
Florida and the Game Water-Birds of the Atlantic Coast and the Lakes of the United States: With a full account of the sporting along our sea-shores and inland waters, and remarks on breech-loaders and hammerless guns
Life and Times of Her Majesty Caroline Matilda, Vol. 3 (of 3): Queen of Denmark and Norway, and Sister of H. M. George III. of England
Galileo and His Judges
The New Year's carol
Pioneer Work in Opening the Medical Profession to Women
On Time; or, Bound to Get There
The King's Own Borderers: A Military Romance, Volume 2 (of 3)
The Two Dianas, Volume 2 (of 3)
Twelve months in Madagascar
The Tracy diamonds
The beautiful garment, and other stories
A visit to the Roman catacombs
Thoughts Suggested by Mr. Froude's "Progress"
Evan Harrington — Volume 1
A Domestic Problem : Work and Culture in the Household
The Poetical Works of Mrs. Leprohon
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Ephesians
Ella Barnwell: A historical romance of border life
The Vikings of Helgeland: The Prose Dramas Of Henrik Ibsen, Vol. III.
Autobiography of Seventy Years, Vol. 1-2
The Young Trawler
Whittier-land: A Handbook of North Essex, Containing Many Anecdotes of and Poems by John Greenleaf Whittier Never Before Collected.
Sketch of the First Kentucky Brigade
Crying for the Light; Or, Fifty Years Ago. Vol. 2 [of 3]
Scientific Culture, and Other Essays: Second Edition; with Additions
Two Chancellors: Prince Gortchakof and Prince Bismarck
Ella Clinton; or, By Their Fruits Ye Shall Know Them
At His Gates: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
By-gone Tourist Days: Letters of Travel
Camp, Court and Siege: A Narrative of Personal Adventure and Observation During Two Wars: 1861-1865; 1870-1871
Common objects of the microscope
Canal Reminiscences: Recollections of Travel in the Old Days on the James River & Kanawha Canal
Cousin Mary
Mrs. Arthur; vol. 2 of 3
The Cameronians: A Novel, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Cameronians: A Novel, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Peak in Darien, With Some Other Inquiries Touching Concerns of the Soul and the Body: An Octave of Essays
Christian Melville
Harry Muir : $b A story of Scottish life, vol. 2 (of 3)
The hidden treasure : $b or, Found at last
The Complete Writings of Charles Dudley Warner — Volume 2
The Prince and the Page: A Story of the Last Crusade
Monsieur de Camors — Volume 3
The Recreations of a Country Parson
St. George and St. Michael, Volume 2
St. George and St. Michael, Volume 3
Four Months Among the Gold-Finders in Alta California: Being the Diary of an Expedition From San Francisco to the Gold Districts
Allopathy and Homoeopathy Before the Judgment of Common Sense!
The Tower of Dago
The Life of Roger Langdon, Told by himself. With additions by his daughter Ellen.
Soldiering in North Carolina: Being the experiences of a 'typo' in the pines, swamps, fields, sandy roads, towns, cities, and among the fleas, wood-ticks, 'gray-backs,' mosquitoes, blue-tail flies, moccasin snakes, lizards, scorpions, rebels, and other reptiles, pests, and vermin of the 'Old North State.' Embracing an account of the three-years and nine-months Massachusetts regiments in the department, the freedmen, etc., etc., etc.
A Colonial Reformer, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Latter-Day Prophet: History of Joseph Smith Written for Young People
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George William Curtis
The Heir Presumptive and the Heir Apparent
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Walter Richard Cassels
Three Bright Girls: A Story of Chance and Mischance
New Milford. A memorial discourse, delivered in the Congregational church, New Milford, Conn., Sunday, July 9, 1876
Colville of the Guards, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Cameronians: A Novel, Volume 2 (of 3)
Millbank; $b or, Roger Irving's ward. A novel
The history of the 1st Batt. Wilts Volunteers, from 1861 to 1885
Arthur Glyn : $b and other stories
The American Newspaper
Sandra Belloni — Volume 7
Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley — Volume 3
That Stick
Proud and Lazy: A Story for Little Folks
The Romance of a Poor Young Man: A Drama Adapted from the French of Octave Feuillet
Daisy Burns (Volume 1)
Daisy Burns (Volume 2)
The Two Marys
Poems
The Unjust Steward; or, The Minister's Debt
Hawk's Nest; or, The Last of the Cahoonshees.: A Tale of the Delaware Valley and Historical Romance of 1690.
A Son of the Soil
Diana Trelawny
A Poor Gentleman
The Prodigals and Their Inheritance; vol. 2
Legends of the Black Watch; or, Forty-second Highlanders
Holiday stories
Through by daylight : $b Or, the young engineer of the Lake Shore Railroad
What to Do? Thoughts Evoked By the Census of Moscow
The Shaving of Shagpat; an Arabian entertainment — Volume 1
The Gentleman of Fifty and The Damsel of Nineteen (An early uncompleted fragment)
State of the Union Addresses
The Letters of "Norah" on Her Tour Through Ireland
Martin Rattler
A Little Pilgrim in the Unseen
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: Love in '76: An Incident of the Revolution
The Actress in High Life: An Episode in Winter Quarters
Abraham Lincoln: An Horatian Ode
Madonna Mary
Hesper, the Home-Spirit: A simple story of household labor and love
The Queen's Maries: A Romance of Holyrood
A Parisian Sultana, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Science Primers, Introductory
Moses, not Darwin: A sermon preached at St. Mark's, Surbiton, Kingston-on-Thames on Friday, March 31, 1871
The Scottish Cavalier: An Historical Romance, Volume 3 (of 3)
Second to None: A Military Romance, Volume 3 (of 3)
Mary of Lorraine : $b An historical romance
Meadow Brook
Captain Mary Miller : $b A drama
Miss Cheyne of Essilmont, Volume 2 (of 3)
Harry Muir : $b A story of Scottish life, vol. 3 (of 3)
Literary Copyright
Sandra Belloni — Volume 5
The Amazing Marriage — Volume 4
Lady Hester; Or, Ursula's Narrative
St. George and St. Michael
The Wesleyan Methodist Pulpit in Malvern: Sermons Preached at the Opening Services of the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, in 1866
From Fort Henry to Corinth
In School and Out; or, The Conquest of Richard Grant.
Castle Hohenwald: A Romance
The Twa Miss Dawsons
The Making of William Edwards; or, The Story of the Bridge of Beauty
Snug Harbor; or, The Champlain Mechanics
Episcopal Fidelity
A Parisian Sultana, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Education of the Negroes Since 1860
A Mirror of the Turf; Or, The Machinery of Horse-Racing Revealed, Showing the Sport of Kings as It Is To-Day
A Sermon preached at Christ Church, Kensington, on May 1, 1859: being the day appointed for a general thanksgiving to Almighty God, for the success granted to our arms in suppressing the rebellion and restoring tranquillity in Her Majesty's Indian Dominions.
Playing with Fire: A Story of the Soudan War
The Shaving of Shagpat; an Arabian entertainment — Volume 4
Thomas Wingfold, Curate V2
Fort Lafayette or, Love and Secession: A Novel
Miss McDonald
The Strange Adventures of Captain Dangerous, Vol. 2: Who was a sailor, a soldier, a merchant, a spy, a slave; among the moors...
Insanity: Its Causes and Prevention
An Historical Summary of the Post Office in Scotland
The Ladies Lindores, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Eventful Narratives: The Thirteenth Book of the Faith Promoting Series. Designed for the Instruction and Encouragement of Young Latter-day Saints
Sir Robert's Fortune: A Novel
The Athelings; or, the Three Gifts. Complete
Ready About; or, Sailing the Boat
The City That Was
The Trials of a Country Parson
A Parisian Sultana, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Prodigals and Their Inheritance; Complete
Derval Hampton: A Story of the Sea, Volume 1 (of 2)
For love and life; vol. 1 of 2
For love and life; vol. 2 of 2
Arthur Blane; or, The Hundred Cuirassiers
Dulcie Carlyon: A novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
The conservation of energy
Ilex cassine, the aboriginal North American tea: $b Its history, distribution, and use among the native North American Indians
Hugh Worthington : $b A novel
The monastery of Petschenga : $b Sketches of Russian Lapland (from historical and legendary sources)
Rhoda Fleming — Volume 1
The Amazing Marriage — Volume 5
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Colossians
Maggie Miller: The Story of Old Hagar's Secret
Critiques and Addresses
Eternal Father, Strong to Save: a.k.a., Navy Hymn
Battles with the Sea
On the Antiseptic Principle of the Practice of Surgery
Money: Speech of Hon. John P. Jones, of Nevada, on the Free Coinage of Silver; in the United States Senate, May 12 and 13, 1890
Standard Measures of United States, Great Britain and France: History and actual comparisons. With appendix on introduction of the mètre
John, A Love Story; vol. 2 of 2
Second to None: A Military Romance, Volume 2 (of 3)
A campaign in Mexico
The look of the thing and other stories
True heroism
Legends and Lyrics. Part 2
Evan Harrington — Volume 6
The Tragic Comedians: A Study in a Well-known Story — Volume 3
Lectures and Essays
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, Galatians
The Little Pilgrim: Further Experiences.: Stories of the Seen and the Unseen.
The Autobiography of a Journalist, Volume II
The Strange Adventures of Captain Dangerous, Vol. 3: Who was a sailor, a soldier, a merchant, a spy, a slave; among the moors...
The Works of George Meredith: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Progressionists, and Angela.
The House on the Moor, v. 3/3
Daughters of Belgravia; vol. 2 of 3
The Athelings; or, the Three Gifts. Vol. 3/3
Within the Precincts
The King's Own Borderers: A Military Romance, Volume 3 (of 3)
Dulcie Carlyon: A novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Edith Lyle : $b A novel
Cringle and cross-tree : $b Or, the sea swashes of a sailor
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 1
Sandra Belloni — Volume 1
Evan Harrington — Volume 7
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 8
One of Our Conquerors — Volume 1
The Bark Covered House: Or, Back In the Woods Again; Being a Graphic and Thrilling Description of Real Pioneer Life in the Wilderness of Michigan
A Residence in France During the Years 1792, 1793, 1794 and 1795, Part III., 1794: Described in a Series of Letters from an English Lady: with General and Incidental Remarks on the French Character and Manners
History of Randolph-Macon College, Virginia: The Oldest Incorporated Methodist College in America
Roster and Statistical Record of Company D, of the Eleventh Regiment Maine Infantry Volunteers: With a Sketch of Its Services in the War of the Rebellion
Railway Rates: English and Foreign
The Athelings; or, the Three Gifts. Vol. 1/3
Lady William
The Son of His Father; vol. 3/3
The Duke's Daughter; and, The Fugitives; vol. 2/3
Derval Hampton: A Story of the Sea, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Master of Aberfeldie, Volume 3 (of 3)
The first of May: a new version of a celebrated modern ballad: sixth edition
Celtic MSS. in relation to the Macpherson fraud: With a review of Professor Freeman's criticism of [P.B. Du Chaillu's] "The Viking Age," by the author of "Celticism a myth"
Mrs. Hallam's companion; and The Spring Farm, and other tales
Rhoda Fleming — Volume 3
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 6
One of Our Conquerors — Volume 3
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Volume 5
The Tale of Chloe: An Episode in the History of Beau Beamish
A sketch of the life and services of Gen. Otho Holland Williams: Read before the Maryland historical society, on Thursday; evening, March 6, 1851
The Crooked Stick; Or, Pollie's Probation
Mark Gildersleeve: A Novel
History of the government of the island of Newfoundland: With an appendix containing the Acts of Parliament made respecting the trade and fishery
A House Divided Against Itself; vol. 1 of 3
The Prodigals and Their Inheritance; vol. 1
Only an Ensign: A Tale of the Retreat from Cabul, Volume 2 (of 3)
Researches on the Visual Organs of the Trilobites
Rose Mather: A tale
Maggie Lee! : $b Bad spelling, Diamonds, The answered prayer
Vittoria — Volume 7
One of Our Conquerors — Volume 5
Cromwell: A Drama, in Five Acts
The Three Brothers; vol. 1/3
The Three Brothers; vol. 2/3
The Three Brothers; Complete
Lady Car: The Sequel of a Life
The Son of His Father; vol. 2/3
Morley Ashton: A Story of the Sea. Volume 3 (of 3)
He that will not when he may; vol. II
Elfin land: and other poems
Miss Cheyne of Essilmont, Volume 1 (of 3)
Monsieur de Camors — Volume 1
Rhoda Fleming — Volume 2
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Volume 1
Weymouth New Testament in Modern Speech, 1 Timothy
California Sketches, New Series
Mrs. Arthur; vol. 3 of 3
Laura Everingham; or, The Highlanders of Glen Ora
Evan Harrington — Volume 2
One of Our Conquerors — Volume 2
Mrs. Leary's Cow: A Legend of Chicago
Billy and Hans, My Squirrel Friends: A True History
The Master of Aberfeldie, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Master of Aberfeldie, Volume 2 (of 3)
West Lawn, and The rector of St. Mark's
Uncle Ben : $b A story for little folks
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 4
The Sentimentalists
More Bywords
Kate Coventry: An Autobiography
Personal recollections and experiences concerning the Battle of Stone River
Elsie on the Hudson
A House Divided Against Itself (Complete)
The Duke's Daughter; and, The Fugitives; vol. 3/3
Morley Ashton: A Story of the Sea. Volume 2 (of 3)
He that will not when he may; vol. I
May; vol. I
The Royal Regiment, and Other Novelettes
Second to None: A Military Romance, Volume 1 (of 3)
Edna Browning; $b or, the Leighton homestead. A novel
Miss Cheyne of Essilmont, Volume 3 (of 3)
Evan Harrington — Volume 3
Vittoria — Volume 8
The Inglises; Or, How the Way Opened
Too Rich: A Romance
For Sceptre and Crown: A Romance of the Present Time. Vol. 1 (of 2)
A House Divided Against Itself; vol. 3 of 3
Only an Ensign: A Tale of the Retreat from Cabul, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Pilgrim, and the American of Today—(1892)
The Shaving of Shagpat; an Arabian entertainment — Volume 2
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 3
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 5
The Tragic Comedians: A Study in a Well-known Story — Volume 2
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Volume 2
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Volume 3
The Amazing Marriage — Volume 1
Celt and Saxon — Volume 1
Celt and Saxon — Volume 2
The Case of General Ople and Lady Camper
The House on the Beach: A Realistic Tale
The Seaboard Parish Volume 2
The Legend of Kupirri, or, The Red Kangaroo: An Aboriginal Tradition of the Port Lincoln Tribe
Mrs. Arthur; vol. 1 of 3
Monsieur de Camors — Volume 2
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 3
Evan Harrington — Volume 4
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 2
Farina
The Three Brothers; vol. 3/3
Morley Ashton: A Story of the Sea. Volume 1 (of 3)
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 4
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 7
Rosamond, or, the Youthful Error: A Tale of Riverside; And Other Stories
The Son of His Father; vol. 1/3
May; vol. II
Sandra Belloni — Volume 2
Sandra Belloni — Volume 4
Vittoria — Volume 3
A House Divided Against Itself; vol. 2 of 3
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 6
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 6
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 3
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 5
The Amazing Marriage — Volume 3
Effie Ogilvie: the story of a young life; vol. 1
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 5
Vittoria — Volume 4
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 1
Lord Ormont and His Aminta — Volume 4
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel — Volume 2
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 2
Only an Ensign: A Tale of the Retreat from Cabul, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 7
Beauchamp's Career — Volume 4
Sandra Belloni — Volume 3
The Adventures of Harry Richmond — Volume 1
Little Women; Or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Complete
Little Women
Through the Looking-Glass
The Prince and the Pauper
The Innocents Abroad
Arthur's inheritance : $b or, How he conquered
The Mysterious Stranger, and Other Stories
Poems by Emily Dickinson, Three Series, Complete
The slang dictionary : $b Etymological, historical and anecdotal
Life on the Mississippi
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Roughing It
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions
Demonology and Devil-lore
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World
Venus in Furs
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland: Illustrated by Arthur Rackham. With a Proem by Austin Dobson
Little Women
One Hundred Proofs That the Earth Is Not a Globe
The seed she sowed : $b A tale of the great dock strike.
A Tramp Abroad
A Concise Dictionary of Middle English from A.D. 1150 to 1580
Traitor or patriot? : $b A tale of the Rye-House Plot
The Confessions of Nat Turner: The Leader of the Late Insurrections in Southampton, Va. As Fully and Voluntarily Made to Thomas R. Gray, in the Prison Where He Was Confined, and Acknowledged by Him to be Such when Read Before the Court of Southampton; With the Certificate, Under Seal of the Court Convened at Jerusalem, Nov. 5, 1831, For His Trial. Also, an Authentic Account of the Whole Insurrection.
Erewhon; Or, Over the Range
Eve's Diary, Complete
The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson
What Is Man? and Other Essays
The Book of Household Management
Jabberwocky
A Complete Dictionary of Synonyms and Antonyms: or, Synonyms and Words of Opposite Meaning
Legends and tales of the Harz Mountains
Japanese Homes and Their Surroundings
Lady Audley's Secret
A Dictionary of Slang, Cant, and Vulgar Words: Used at the Present Day in the Streets of London; the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; the Houses of Parliament; the Dens of St. Giles; and the Palaces of St. James.
The Secret Doctrine, Vol. 1 of 4: The Synthesis of Science, Religion, and Philosophy
The Hunting of the Snark: An Agony in Eight Fits
Lady Audley's Secret
An Old-Fashioned Girl
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
The Lady, or the Tiger?
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc — Volume 1
Jack and Jill
Novelas Cortas
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 06
How to Tell a Story, and Other Essays
Chapters from My Autobiography
Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offences
The Education of Henry Adams
Alice in Wonderland: A Dramatization of Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking Glass"
The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry
Little Men: Life at Plumfield With Jo's Boys
Symbolic Logic
A Tangled Tale
Mark Twain's Speeches
Nobody's Boy: Sans Famille
The Bad Boy at Home, and His Experiences in Trying to Become an Editor: 1885
Beeton's Book of Needlework
The Story of a Bad Boy
A Dog's Tale
Women in the fine arts, from the Seventh Century B.C. to the Twentieth Century A.D.
Tirzah Ann's summer trip, and other sketches
Legends, Tales and Poems
Jules Bastien-Lepage and his art : $b a memoir
Ragged Dick
Buccaneers and Pirates of Our Coasts
The Holy Isle: A Legend of Bardsey Abbey
Jack and Jill
Life in the Iron-Mills; Or, The Korl Woman
Carols of Cockayne: The Third Edition, 1874
The Legends and Myths of Hawaii: The fables and folk-lore of a strange people
The Witness of the Stars
Ancient calendars and constellations
Chaldea: From the Earliest Times to the Rise of Assyria
Jo's Boys
Ancient Nahuatl Poetry, Containing the Nahuatl Text of XXVII Ancient Mexican Poems: Brinton's Library of Aboriginal American Literature Number VII.
Little Men
British Goblins: Welsh Folk-lore, Fairy Mythology, Legends and Traditions
Tales of Old Japan
Alice's Adventures Under Ground: Being a facsimile of the original Ms. book afterwards developed into "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"
A New History of the United States: The greater republic, embracing the growth and achievements of our country from the earliest days of discovery and settlement to the present eventful year
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions
Phantasmagoria and Other Poems
Letters written in France, to a friend in London, between the month of November 1794, and the month of May 1795
The $30,000 Bequest, and Other Stories
Autobiography of Andrew Carnegie
News from Nowhere; Or, An Epoch of Rest: Being Some Chapters from a Utopian Romance
Travels in Central Asia: Being the Account of a Journey from Teheran Across the Turkoman Desert on the Eastern Shore of the Caspian to Khiva, Bokhara, and Samarcand
Life: Poem XXI: A Book
The Martian: A Novel
The Louisa Alcott Reader: a Supplementary Reader for the Fourth Year of School
Rose in Bloom: A Sequel to "Eight Cousins"
The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg
Squirrels and Other Fur-Bearers
My Mark Twain
The Criminal Prosecution and Capital Punishment of Animals
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 01 to 05
My First Summer in the Sierra
To the Person Sitting in Darkness
The Prince and the Pauper
English Synonyms and Antonyms: With Notes on the Correct Use of Prepositions
A Book About Doctors
Reminiscences of Two Years in the United States Navy
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward (HTML edition)
Trilby
Pele and Hiiaka: A Myth From Hawaii
Pike County Ballads and Other Poems
Cole's Funny Picture Book No. 1
Systematic Theology (Volume 1 of 3)
Curiosities of Olden Times
Isis unveiled, Volume 1 (of 2), Science: A master-key to mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology
The Well at the World's End: A Tale
1601: Conversation as it was by the Social Fireside in the Time of the Tudors
Progress and Poverty, Volumes I and II: An Inquiry into the Cause of Industrial Depressions and of Increase of Want with Increase of Wealth
The Luck of Roaring Camp and Other Tales: With Condensed Novels, Spanish and American Legends, and Earlier Papers
Unbeaten Tracks in Japan
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 03
The Complete Plays of Gilbert and Sullivan
Birds and Poets : with Other Papers
Japan
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 1.
A Dictionary of the First or Oldest Words in the English Language: From the Semi-Saxon Period of A.D. 1250 to 1300
The Lives of the Saints, Volume 03 (of 16): March
Poems by Adam Lindsay Gordon
The Secret Doctrine, Vol. 3 of 4: The Synthesis of Science, Religion, and Philosophy
The Rise of Silas Lapham
On Picket Duty, and Other Tales
Fiat Money Inflation in France: How it Came, What it Brought, and How it Ended
The Way of All Flesh
The £1,000,000 bank-note, and other new stories
In and Around Berlin
Louisa May Alcott : Her Life, Letters, and Journals
Sketches New and Old, Part 1.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The History of Mary Prince, a West Indian Slave
Old Time Wall Papers: An Account of the Pictorial Papers on Our Forefathers' Walls with a Study of the Historical Development of Wall Paper Making and Decoration
Curious Creatures in Zoology
Eight Cousins
Sylvie and Bruno
Through the Looking-Glass
The Yosemite
Showell's Dictionary of Birmingham: A History and Guide, Arranged Alphabetically
The Works of Mark Twain: An Index of all Project Gutenberg Editions
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, General, United States Army — Complete
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
The Secret Doctrine, Vol. 2 of 4: The Synthesis of Science, Religion, and Philosophy
Random Reminiscences of Men and Events
Ramona
The Methods of Ethics
A Book of the Pyrenees
Chester Rand; or, The New Path to Fortune
Chapters from My Autobiography
A Brief History of the English Language and Literature, Vol. 2
Selected Stories of Bret Harte
The Roman Pronunciation of Latin: Why We Use It and How to Use It
The Game of Logic
Poems
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
History for ready reference, Volume 6 : $b Recent history - 1894-5 to 1901  A-Z
Philosophy and Fun of Algebra
The White Lady of Hazelwood: A Tale of the Fourteenth Century
Poems & Ballads (First Series)
The Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe; Or, There's No Place Like Home
The Magician's Own Book, or, the Whole Art of Conjuring: Being a complete hand-book of parlor magic, and containing over one thousand optical, chemical, mechanical, magnetical, and magical experiments, amusing transmutations, astonishing sleights and subtleties, celebrated card deceptions, ingenious tricks with numbers, curious and entertaining puzzles, together with all the most noted tricks of modern performers.
Ragged Dick, Or, Street Life in New York with the Boot-Blacks
The Andes and the Amazon; Or, Across the Continent of South America
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (Tom Sawyer's Comrade)
The Story of Magellan and The Discovery of the Philippines
Mistakes of Moses
Tom Sawyer Abroad
Alice in Wonderland, Retold in Words of One Syllable
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Complete Contents: Dresden Edition—Twelve Volumes
Impressions of South Africa
The Gentle Art of Making Enemies
The Lives of the Saints, Volume 01 (of 16): January
A Thousand-Mile Walk to the Gulf
Coca and its Therapeutic Application, Third Edition
At the Mercy of Tiberius
Flower Fables
Extract from Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven
Mythical Monsters
The United States in the Light of Prophecy: Or, an Exposition of Rev. 13:11-17
Selected Poems of Emily Dickinson
The Faith of Our Fathers
The Cat of Bubastes: A Tale of Ancient Egypt
Moral Principles and Medical Practice: The Basis of Medical Jurisprudence
Hans Brinker; Or, The Silver Skates
Appreciations, with an Essay on Style
History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom
The Logic of Chance, 3rd edition: An Essay on the Foundations and Province of the Theory of Probability, With Especial Reference to Its Logical Bearings and Its Application to Moral and Social Science and to Statistics
Bass, Pike, Perch, and Others
Repertory of The Comedie Humaine, Complete, A — Z
Letters from a Cat: Published by Her Mistress for the Benefit of All Cats and the Amusement of Little Children
The Evolution of Man
Christian Science
Curious Myths of the Middle Ages
The Devil in Britain and America
The Other Fellow
A Dog of Flanders
Sign Language Among North American Indians Compared With That Among Other Peoples And Deaf-Mutes: First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1879-1880, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1881, pages 263-552
What Katy Did
Kate Bonnet: The Romance of a Pirate's Daughter
The Holy Roman Empire
The Key to Theosophy: Being a Clear Exposition, in the Form of Question and Answer, of the Ethics, Science and Philosophy for the Study of Which the Theosophical Society Has Been Founded
Nagualism: A Study in Native American Folk-lore and History
The Book of Were-Wolves
Herbal Simples Approved for Modern Uses of Cure
Pumps and Hydraulics, Part 1 (of 2)
Illuminated Manuscripts
Behind a Mask; or, a Woman's Power
Practical Guide to English Versification: With a Compendious Dictionary of Rhymes, an Examination; of Classical Measures, and Comments Upon Burlesque and; Comic Verse, Vers de Société, and Song-writing
The Last Voyage: To India and Australia, in the 'Sunbeam'
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 16 to 20
A Pilgrimage to Nejd, the Cradle of the Arab Race. Vol. 2 [of 2]: A Visit to the Court of the Arab Emir, and "our Persian Campaign."
Songs From Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass
The Emperor — Complete
A Horse's Tale
The Swastika, the Earliest Known Symbol, and Its Migration: With Observations on the Migration of Certain Industries in Prehistoric Times
The House of the Wolfings: A Tale of the House of the Wolfings and All the Kindreds of the Mark Written in Prose and in Verse
Indian Linguistic Families of America, North of Mexico: Seventh Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1885-1886, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1891, pages 1-142
Cornish Characters and Strange Events
Primitive culture, vol. 1 (of 2) : $b Researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, language, art, and custom
Fifty years in Wall Street
Architecture: Gothic and Renaissance
A Soldier's Life: Being the Personal Reminiscences of Edwin G. Rundle
History of Mexico, Volume 1, 1516-1521
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Complete
Journeys in Persia and Kurdistan, Volume 2 (of 2): Including a Summer in the Upper Karun Region and a Visit to the Nestorian Rayahs
Beast and Man in India: A Popular Sketch of Indian Animals in their Relations with the People
The art of taking a wife
Cæsar's Column: A Story of the Twentieth Century
A Thorny Path — Complete
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 1
Atlantis: The Antedeluvian World
English Literature and Society in the Eighteenth Century
Beric the Briton : a Story of the Roman Invasion
The Earthly Paradise: A Poem (Part II)
The Nursery "Alice"
The Ghosts, and Other Lectures
Mr. Dide, His Vacation in Colorado
The Life of William Ewart Gladstone, Vol. 1 (of 3): 1809-1859
Variations Chromatiques de Concert: MP3, MIDI and PDF files
The Stolen White Elephant
A short history of the printing press and of the improvements in printing machinery from the time of Gutenberg up to the present day
A Complete Account of the Settlement at Port Jackson
History of English Humour, Vol. 2
Canada
Samantha at Coney Island, and a Thousand Other Islands
Ox-Team Days on the Oregon Trail
The American Race: A Linguistic Classification and Ethnographic Description of the Native Tribes of North and South America
The International Auxiliary Language Esperanto: Grammar & Commentary
There is No Death
From the Indus to the Tigris : $b A narrative of a journey through the countries of Balochistan, Afghanistan, Khorassan and Iran, in 1872, together with a synoptical grammar and vocabulary of the Brahoe language, and a record of the meteorological observations and altitudes on the march from the Indus to the Tigris
Venetian Life
A History of Art for Beginners and Students: Painting, Sculpture, Architecture
Roman Legends: A collection of the fables and folk-lore of Rome
What Katy Did Next
How to Camp Out
The City of Dreadful Night
Extracts from Adam's Diary, translated from the original ms.
The Note-Books of Samuel Butler
!Tention: A Story of Boy-Life during the Peninsular War
American Hero-Myths: A Study in the Native Religions of the Western Continent
Railway Construction
Delusion and Dream : an Interpretation in the Light of Psychoanalysis of Gradiva
The Yosemite
Goblin Market, The Prince's Progress, and Other Poems
Journeys in Persia and Kurdistan, Volume 1 (of 2): Including a Summer in the Upper Karun Region and a Visit to the Nestorian Rayahs
A Lady's Life in the Rocky Mountains
A History of Art for Beginners and Students: Painting, Sculpture, Architecture
Forty-one years in India: from subaltern to commander-in-chief
Russian Fairy Tales from the Skazki of Polevoi
Studies in Occultism; A Series of Reprints from the Writings of H. P. Blavatsky: No. 1: Practical Occultism—Occultism versus the Occult; Arts—The Blessings of Publicity
Expositor's Bible: The Gospel of Matthew
Unconscious Memory
A Day's Tour: A Journey through France and Belgium by Calais, Tournay, Orchies, Douai, Arras, Béthune, Lille, Comines, Ypres, Hazebrouck, Berg
The Light of Asia
Object Lessons on the Human Body: A Transcript of Lessons Given in the Primary Department of School No. 49, New York City
Verses and Translations
Tom Sawyer, Detective
The Riddle of the Universe at the close of the nineteenth century
A Century of Dishonor: A Sketch of the United States Government's Dealings with Some of the Indian Tribes
Sixty Years of California Song
Canyons of the Colorado
Old St. Paul's Cathedral
Modern Magic: A Practical Treatise on the Art of Conjuring
Is Shakespeare Dead?: From My Autobiography
He Fell in Love with His Wife
A Week's Tramp in Dickens-Land: Together with Personal Reminiscences of the 'Inimitable Boz' Therein Collected
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 08 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Interviews
The Essenes: Their history and doctrines
Korea and her neighbors: A narrative of travel, with an account of the recent vicissitudes and present position of the country
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 06 to 10
Gleams of Sunshine: Optimistic Poems
Fetichism in West Africa : $b forty years' observation of native customs and superstitions
The Modes of Ancient Greek Music
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 3
A History of American Christianity
The martyr of the catacombs : $b a tale of ancient Rome
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 02
My Friends at Brook Farm
The Threshold Covenant; or, The Beginning of Religious Rites
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Louisa M. Alcott
The Kabbalah: its doctrines, development, and literature
The Poison Tree: A Tale of Hindu Life in Bengal
The Nürnberg Stove
The Catacombs of Rome, and Their Testimony Relative to Primitive Christianity
Cornish Feasts and Folk-lore
T. De Witt Talmage as I Knew Him
Seed Dispersal
The Communistic Societies of the United States: From Personal Visit and Observation
London in the Time of the Stuarts
A Dictionary of Islam: Being a cyclopedia of the doctrines, rites, ceremonies, and customs, together with the technical and theological terms, of the Muhammadan religion.
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 1 (1853-1866)
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 4 (1886-1900)
Mark Twain's Letters — Complete (1853-1910)
Work: A Story of Experience
Stories of Great Men
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc — Volume 2
From the Caves and Jungles of Hindostan
Mohun; Or, the Last Days of Lee and His Paladins.: Final Memoirs of a Staff Officer Serving in Virginia. from the Mss. of Colonel Surry, of Eagle's Nest.
Old Boston Taverns and Tavern Clubs
Mary: A Nursery Story for Very Little Children
Post-Mediæval Preachers: Some Account of the Most Celebrated Preachers of the 15th, 16th, & 17th Centuries; with outlines of their sermons, and specimens of their style
A Calendar of Sonnets
A Little Girl of Long Ago; Or, Hannah Ann: A Sequel to a Little Girl in Old New York
The Writings of John Burroughs — Volume 05: Pepacton
Gilbertus Anglicus: Medicine of the Thirteenth Century
Gabriel Conroy
The Story of My Boyhood and Youth
Wild Nature Won By Kindness
Myths and Marvels of Astronomy
A History of Art in Ancient Egypt, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Solomon and Solomonic Literature
The Birth of the Nation, Jamestown, 1607
The History of Gambling in England
The Awakening of the Desert
Classic French Course in English
In Freedom's Cause : A Story of Wallace and Bruce
The Candy Country
Nobody's Girl: (En Famille)
The Beginner's American History
Theodoric the Goth: Barbarian Champion of Civilisation
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Gustave Doré
A Unique Story of a Marvellous Career: Life of Hon. Phineas T. Barnum
The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg, and Other Stories
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 09 (of 15), Scandinavian
The Theory and Practice of Perspective
Myths and Folk Tales of Ireland
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 3.
Indian Poetry: Containing "The Indian Song of Songs," from the Sanskrit of the Gîta Govinda of Jayadeva, Two books from "The Iliad Of India" (Mahábhárata), "Proverbial Wisdom" from the Shlokas of the Hitopadesa, and other Oriental Poems.
Max and Maurice: A Juvenile History in Seven Tricks
Marie Antoinette and the Downfall of Royalty
The American Claimant
A Little Girl in Old Detroit
Myths of the Iroquois. (1883 N 02 / 1880-1881 (pages 47-116))
Sylvie and Bruno Concluded (Illustrated)
History of the settlement of Upper Canada (Ontario,): with special reference to the Bay Quinté
Life of John Milton
The Railroad Question: A historical and practical treatise on railroads, and remedies for their abuses
The Mayas, the Sources of Their History: Dr. Le Plongeon in Yucatan, His Account of Discoveries
The Russian Grandmother's Wonder Tales
Marius the Epicurean — Volume 1
Life on the Mississippi, Part 11.
Lessons in the Art of Illuminating: A Series of Examples selected from Works in the British Museum, Lambeth Palace Library, and the South Kensington Museum. With Practical Instructions, and a Sketch of the History of the Art
The Creed of the Old South 1865-1915
Old London Street Cries and the Cries of To-day: With Heaps of Quaint Cuts Including Hand-coloured Frontispiece
The blood of the vampire
Robert's Rules of Order: Pocket Manual of Rules of Order for Deliberative Assemblies
English Book Collectors
Gipsy Life: Being an account of our Gipsies and their children, with suggestions for their improvement
The Standard Light Operas, Their Plots and Their Music
Fairy Realm: A Collection of the Favourite Old Tales Told in Verse
A Modern Cinderella; Or, The Little Old Shoe, and Other Stories
Mexico
A Book About Lawyers
The Englishman in China During the Victorian Era, Vol. 1 (of 2): As Illustrated in the Career of Sir Rutherford Alcock, K.C.B., D.C.L., Many Years Consul and Minister in China and Japan
Nightmare Tales
Systematic Theology (Volume 3 of 3)
Life and Letters of Lord Macaulay. Volume 1
Clover
Natural History of the Mammalia of India and Ceylon
The Superstitions of Witchcraft
The Englishman in China During the Victorian Era, Vol. 2 (of 2): As Illustrated in the Career of Sir Rutherford Alcock, K.C.B., D.C.L., Many Years Consul and Minister in China and Japan
The Life of Captain Sir Richard F. Burton, volume 1 (of 2): By His Wife, Isabel Burton
A Century of Roundels
Hospital Sketches
Moods
The Lost and Hostile Gospels: An Essay on the Toledoth Jeschu, and the Petrine and Pauline Gospels of the First Three Centuries of Which Fragments Remain
The Poems of Henry Kendall: With Biographical Note by Bertram Stevens
Higher Lessons in English: A work on English grammar and composition
New Word-Analysis: Or, School Etymology of English Derivative Words
Garden Design and Architects' Gardens: Two reviews, illustrated, to show, by actual examples from British gardens, that clipping and aligning trees to make them 'harmonise' with architecture is barbarous, needless, and inartistic
Systematic Theology (Volume 2 of 3)
A Garland for Girls
A Modern Instance
History of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, Vol. 1: Compiled from the Original Records
Among the gnomes : $b An occult tale of adventure in the Untersberg
The Overcoming Life, and Other Sermons
Walks in Rome
A glossary of Tudor and Stuart words, especially from the dramatists
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 08
Ben, the Luggage Boy; Or, Among the Wharves
The Hunting of the Snark: An Agony, in Eight Fits
Moody's Stories: Being a Second Volume of Anecdotes, Incidents, and Illustrations
Chance, Love, and Logic: Philosophical Essays
On the Decay of the Art of Lying
Northern California, Oregon, and the Sandwich Islands
The Squire of Sandal-Side: A Pastoral Romance
In Wild Rose Time
A Bird-Lover in the West
Speeches of Benjamin Harrison, Twenty-third President of the United States
The Influence of Buddhism on Primitive Christianity
The cloven foot : $b A novel
An Old Town By the Sea
Felix O'Day
The Beauties of Nature, and the Wonders of the World We Live In
The History of Freedom, and Other Essays
I, Thou, and the Other One: A Love Story
Eight or Nine Wise Words about Letter-Writing
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung
A Book of Ghosts
Eight Cousins; Or, The Aunt-Hill
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 04 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
Our Little Lady: Six Hundred Years Ago
History of the English People, Volume VIII: Modern England, 1760-1815
Scarabs: The History, Manufacture and Symbolism of the Scarabæus in Ancient Egypt, Phoenicia, Sardinia, Etruria, etc.
Sylvie and Bruno (Illustrated)
Prevailing Prayer: What Hinders It?
A Narrative of the Expedition to Botany-Bay
Peter: A Novel of Which He is Not the Hero
The Defence of Guenevere and Other Poems
The Law of Psychic Phenomena: A working hypothesis for the systematic study of hypnotism, spiritism, mental therapeutics, etc.
A thousand miles up the Nile
Literary values, and other papers
Democracy, an American novel
The Whole Family: a Novel by Twelve Authors
Yorksher Puddin': A Collection of the Most Popular Dialect Stories from the Pen of John Hartley
Grettir the Outlaw: A Story of Iceland
The Curious Republic of Gondour, and Other Whimsical Sketches
Grandmother Dear: A Book for Boys and Girls
Fame and Fortune; or, The Progress of Richard Hunter
The Churches of Paris, from Clovis to Charles X
Records of the Spanish Inquisition, Translated from the Original Manuscripts
The Earth and its inhabitants, Volume 1: Europe.: Greece, Turkey in Europe, Rumania, Servia, Montenegro, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
The Young Carthaginian: A Story of The Times of Hannibal
English Caricature and Satire on Napoleon I.  Volume 1 (of 2)
Triumphs and Wonders of the 19th Century: The True Mirror of a Phenomenal Era: A volume of original, entertaining and instructive historic and descriptive writings, showing the many and marvellous achievements which distinguish an hundred years of material, intellectual, social and moral progress
Resonance in Singing and Speaking
Gossip in the First Decade of Victoria's Reign
History of Ancient Art
The Grand Old Man: Or, the Life and Public Services of the Right Honorable William Ewart Gladstone, Four Times Prime Minister of England
Astronomical Myths: Based on Flammarions's "History of the Heavens"
The Secret Doctrine, Vol. 4 of 4: The Synthesis of Science, Religion, and Philosophy
The Awful German Language
A Retrospect
An American Four-in-Hand in Britain
The Man of Genius
Pictographs of the North American Indians. A preliminary paper: Fourth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1882-83, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1886, pages 3-256
Complete Poetical Works
Monsieur Lecoq, v. 1
In the Days of My Youth: A Novel
Barbara Blomberg — Complete
The Wit of Women: Fourth Edition
Christine: A Fife Fisher Girl
The Cathedral Builders: The Story of a Great Masonic Guild
Europe and elsewhere
Australia Twice Traversed: The Romance of Exploration, Being a Narrative Compiled from the Journals of Five Exploring Expeditions into and Through Central South Australia and Western Australia, from 1872 to 1876
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 12 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Miscellany
A Righte Merrie Christmasse: The Story of Christ-Tide
A History of Sarawak under Its Two White Rajahs 1839-1908
English Dialects From the Eighth Century to the Present Day
Somehow Good
Árminius Vambéry, his life and adventures
A Double Barrelled Detective Story
Miscellaneous Studies; a series of essays
Winning His Spurs: A Tale of the Crusades
Weird Tales from Northern Seas
The Life of Buddha and Its Lessons
The Faith of Islam
Three Months in the Southern States, April-June 1863
The Bedroom and Boudoir
Marion Harland's Complete Cook Book: A Practical and Exhaustive Manual of Cookery and Housekeeping
The Wood Beyond the World
Travels in Alaska
George Müller of Bristol, and His Witness to a Prayer-Hearing God
Legends of the Patriarchs and Prophets: And Other Old Testament Characters from Various Sources
Under Two Flags
Laura Secord, the heroine of 1812: A Drama; and Other Poems
The Minister's Charge; Or, The Apprenticeship of Lemuel Barker
Lamarck, the Founder of Evolution: His Life and Work
Chattanooga and Chickamauga: Reprint of Gen. H. V. Boynton's letters to the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette, August, 1888.
Riverby
The Entire Project Gutenberg Works of Mark Twain
Graded Lessons in English: An Elementary English Grammar Consisting of One Hundred Practical Lessons, Carefully Graded and Adapted to the Class-Room
Across America; Or, The Great West and the Pacific Coast
Forty Years Among the Indians: A true yet thrilling narrative of the author's experiences among the natives
The Wild Garden: Or Our Groves and Gardens Made Beautiful by the Naturalisation of Hardy Exotic Plants; Being One Way Onwards from the Dark Ages
History of the English People, Volume I: Early England, 449-1071; Foreign Kings, 1071-1204; The Charter, 1204-1216
The Mediterranean: Its Storied Cities and Venerable Ruins
The Boy Travellers in Mexico: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to Northern and Central Mexico, Campeachey, and Yucatan, With a Description of the Republics of Central America and of the Nicaragua Canal
Monsieur, Madame, and Bébé — Volume 02
The Story of the Hymns and Tunes
The Book of Fables and Folk Stories
A Book of North Wales
Steep Trails
Diderot and the Encyclopædists (Vol. 1 of 2)
Buccaneers and pirates of our coasts
Mistress Margery
Squirrels and Other Fur-Bearers
A Little Girl in Old Philadelphia
Ancient and Modern Celebrated Freethinkers: Reprinted From an English Work, Entitled "Half-Hours With The Freethinkers."
Christopher Columbus and How He Received and Imparted the Spirit of Discovery
The Valleys of Tirol: Their traditions and customs and how to visit them
In the Dead of Night: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Cleopatra — Complete
The Roots of the Mountains: Wherein Is Told Somewhat of the Lives of the Men of Burgdale, Their Friends, Their Neighbours, Their Foemen, and Their Fellows in Arms
The Lenâpé and Their Legends: With the complete text and symbols of the Walam olum, a new translation, and an inquiry into its authenticity
Gospel Doctrine: Selections from the Sermons and Writings of Joseph F. Smith
Devonshire Characters and Strange Events
Poems by Emily Dickinson, Series One
Locusts and Wild Honey
How to Write Clearly: Rules and Exercises on English Composition
In the High Valley: Being the fifth and last volume of the Katy Did series
The Life of George Washington. In Words of One Syllable
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Daniel
The Son of Monte-Cristo, Volume II
Lulu's Library, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Native Races [of the Pacific states], Volume 5, Primitive History: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 5
The Grip of Desire: The Story of a Parish-Priest
The Boy Knight: A Tale of the Crusades
The Peril Finders
In and Out of Rebel Prisons
Female Warriors, Vol. 1 (of 2): Memorials of Female Valour and Heroism, from the Mythological Ages to the Present Era.
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 31 to 35
The Orpheus C. Kerr Papers, Series 1
The History of Creation, Vol. 1 (of 2): Or the Development of the Earth and its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes
A moment of madness, and other stories (vol. 1 of 3)
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 2
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 4.
With Moore at Corunna
The Record of a Quaker Conscience, Cyrus Pringle's Diary: With an Introduction by Rufus M. Jones
Columbus
French Classics
Mrs. Beeton's Dictionary of Every-Day Cookery: The "All About It" Books
Superstitions of the Highlands & Islands of Scotland: Collected Entirely from Oral Sources
Stonehenge and Other British Stone Monuments Astronomically Considered
Early Carriages and Roads
The Treasure of the Incas: A Story of Adventure in Peru
The Lovels of Arden
"Co. Aytch," Maury Grays, First Tennessee Regiment: Or, A Side Show of the Big Show
From Farm to Fortune; or, Nat Nason's Strange Experience
Man And His Ancestor: A Study In Evolution
Richard III: His Life & Character, Reviewed in the Light of Recent Research
Telepathy and the Subliminal Self
The Gods: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 09 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Political
The Golden Butterfly
An Old English Home and Its Dependencies
An Introduction to Psychology: Translated from the Second German Edition
Yorkshire Oddities, Incidents, and Strange Events
Power Through Prayer
Canadian Wild Flowers: Selections from the Writings of Miss Helen M. Johnson
Stories of American Life and Adventure
Unwritten Literature of Hawaii: The Sacred Songs of the Hula
Outdoor Sketching: Four Talks Given before the Art Institute of Chicago; The Scammon Lectures, 1914
The History of London
Witchcraft and Devil Lore in the Channel Islands: Transcripts from the Official Records of the Guernsey Royal Court, with an English Translation and Historical Introduction
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs
The Land of the Kangaroo: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey through the Great Island Continent
The Black Phalanx: African American soldiers in the War of Independence, the War of 1812, and the Civil War
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 04 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Lectures
Sketches of Central Asia (1868): Additional chapters on my travels, adventures, and on the ethnology of Central Asia
Those Extraordinary Twins
Life and Habit
Trees of the Northern United States: Their Study, Description and Determination
Kept for the Master's Use
Theological Essays
The Story of My Life, volumes 4-6
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Alfred Henty
The Lerouge Case
Stories Of Ohio
The Viking Age. Volume 1 (of 2): The early history, manners, and customs of the ancestors of the English-speaking nations
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 21 to 25
Sweet Cicely — or Josiah Allen as a Politician
Abraham Lincoln, a History — Volume 02
Yes, Virginia, There Is A Santa Claus
Around the World with Josiah Allen's Wife
Under the Maples
Feeding the Mind
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 36 to the Last
A History of the Growth of the Steam-Engine
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 01 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Lectures
Mediæval London, Volume 1: Historical & Social
Primitive culture, vol. 2 (of 2) : $b Researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, language, art, and custom
The Bee-Man of Orn and Other Fanciful Tales
Samantha at the World's Fair
Featherland: How the Birds lived at Greenlawn
Eric, or Little by Little
All Sorts and Conditions of Men: An Impossible Story
Our National Parks
A Manual of the Operations of Surgery: For the Use of Senior Students, House Surgeons, and Junior Practitioners
The Native Races [of the Pacific states], Volume 1, Wild Tribes: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 1
Proverb Stories
History of Central America, Volume 1, 1501-1530: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 6
Around the Wicket Gate: or, a friendly talk with seekers concerning faith in the Lord Jesus Christ
What Katy Did at School
Roughing It, Part 8.
Samantha Among the Brethren, Complete
Stories of Great Americans for Little Americans
Women Wage-Earners: Their Past, Their Present, and Their Future
The Myths of the New World: A Treatise on the Symbolism and Mythology of the Red Race of America
The mechanism of the human voice
The Art of Illustration: 2nd ed.
All the Days of My Life: An Autobiography: The Red Leaves of a Human Heart
The Chaplain of the Fleet
ABC of the Steel Square and Its Uses
My life on the plains : $b or, personal experiences with Indians
Monism as Connecting Religion and Science: A Man of Science
The "Wearing of the Green," or The Prosecuted Funeral Procession
The Bow of Orange Ribbon: A Romance of New York
Moody's Anecdotes And Illustrations: Related in his Revival Work by the Great Evangelist
Brazilian Tales
The Oxford Reformers: John Colet, Erasmus, and Thomas More
A Migration Legend of the Creek Indians, vol. 1: With a Linguistic, Historic and Ethnographic Introduction
Under the Lilacs
File No. 113
New Tabernacle Sermons
Lulu's Library, Volume 2 (of 3)
Comic Tragedies: Written by 'Jo' and 'Meg' and Acted by The 'Little Women'
Man, Past and Present
Australian Pictures, Drawn with Pen and Pencil
The Domestic Life of Thomas Jefferson Compiled From Family Letters and Reminiscences
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Complete
Between the Dark and the Daylight
Old Cookery Books and Ancient Cuisine
Eve's Diary
Introduction to the History of Religions: Handbooks on the History of Religions, Volume IV
Rose in Bloom: A Sequel to 'Eight Cousins'
Beautiful Ferns
Memoirs of John R. Young, Utah Pioneer, 1847
The History of Bread: From Pre-historic to Modern Times
The Pursuit of Happiness: A Book of Studies and Strowings
Brave Men and Women: Their Struggles, Failures, And Triumphs
The New Avatar and The Destiny of the Soul: The Findings of Natural Science Reduced to Practical Studies in Psychology
Know the Truth: A Critique on the Hamiltonian Theory of Limitation: Including Some Strictures Upon the Theories of Rev. Henry L. Mansel and Mr. Herbert Spencer
A Roving Commission; Or, Through the Black Insurrection at Hayti
The Native Races [of the Pacific states], Volume 3, Myths and Languages: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 3
Myths and Folk-tales of the Russians, Western Slavs, and Magyars
A Primer of Mayan Hieroglyphics
An essay on the origin of language, based on modern researches, and especially on the works of M. Renan
Purpose in Prayer
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 1.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 2.
The Seven Little Sisters Who Live on the Round Ball That Floats in the Air
Tales of the Wonder Club, Volume III
Nooks and Corners of the New England Coast
The Expositor's Bible: The First Book of Kings
English Caricature and Satire on Napoleon I.  Volume 2 (of 2)
Life and Travel in India: Being Recollections of a Journey Before the Days of Railroads
An Egyptian Princess — Complete
The Pleasures of Life
William Blake: A Critical Essay
The Authoress of the Odyssey: Where and when she wrote, who she was, the use she made of the Iliad, and how the poem grew under her hands
Roughing It, Part 1.
The Hoosier Schoolmaster: A Story of Backwoods Life in Indiana
The Thin Red Line; and Blue Blood
The Violin: Its Famous Makers and Their Imitators
Young Folks' Bible in Words of Easy Reading: The Sweet Stories of God's Word in the Language of Childhood
My Experiences in a Lunatic Asylum: By a Sane Patient
The Library of Work and Play: Mechanics, Indoors and Out
Strive and Succeed; or, The Progress of Walter Conrad
History of the Royal Regiment of Artillery Vol. 2: Compiled from the Original Records
Our Churches and Chapels: Their Parsons, Priests, & Congregations: Being a Critical and Historical Account of Every Place of Worship in Preston
From Canal Boy to President; Or, the Boyhood and Manhood of James A. Garfield
A Little Country Girl
The Native Races [of the Pacific states], Volume 2, Civilized Nations: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 2
The Twilight of the Gods, and Other Tales
For the Temple: A Tale of the Fall of Jerusalem
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 08 (of 15), Russian
Robin Redbreast: A Story for Girls
Ways of Nature
The Young Colonists: A Story of the Zulu and Boer Wars
Occult science in medicine
Indian Summer
Wisdom, Wit, and Pathos of Ouida: Selected from the Works of Ouida
Our Common Insects: A Popular Account of the Insects of Our Fields, Forests, Gardens and Houses
On the Tree Top
Sir Walter Ralegh: A Biography
The Life of William Ewart Gladstone, Vol. 3 (of 3): 1890-1898
Reminiscences of a Prisoner of War and His Escape
The Covenant of Salt: As Based on the Significance and Symbolism of Salt in Primitive Thought
The Chronicles of Newgate, vol. 2/2
Romantic legends of Spain
Little Men: Life at Plumfield with Jo's Boys
Apu Ollantay: A Drama of the Time of the Incas
The Care of Books
Captain Bayley's Heir: A Tale of the Gold Fields of California
Vashti; Or, Until Death Us Do Part
The Standard Cantatas: Their Stories, Their Music, and Their Composers: A Handbook
The Wars of the Roses; or, Stories of the Struggle of York and Lancaster
A Practical Treatise on the Manufacture of Perfumery: Comprising directions for making all kinds of perfumes, sachet powders, fumigating materials, dentrifices, cosmetics, etc., etc., with a full account of the volatile oils, balsams, resins, and other natural and artificial perfume-substances, including the manufacture of fruit ethers, and tests of their purity
An Open-Eyed Conspiracy; An Idyl of Saratoga
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 05
Donald and Dorothy
The Squatter and the Don: A Novel Descriptive of Contemporary Occurrences in California
London in the Time of the Tudors
Mont-Saint-Michel and Chartres
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 04
Pleasure & Profit in Bible Study
English Painters, with a Chapter on American Painters
The English Flower Garden: with illustrative notes
Nooks and Corners of Lancashire and Cheshire.: A Wayfarer's Notes in the Palatine Counties, Historical, Legendary, Genealogical, and Descriptive.
Among Malay Pirates : a Tale of Adventure and Peril
The Mountains of California
The Last Harvest
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 06 (of 15), French
The Doctor's Wife: A Novel
Spinning-Wheel Stories
A History of Art for Beginners and Students: Painting, Sculpture, Architecture
The Principles of Chemistry, Volume I
Picture-Writing of the American Indians: Tenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1888-89, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1893, pages 3-822
The Burgomaster's Wife — Complete
Roughing It, Part 4.
The Cockatoo's Story
Dragons of the Air: An Account of Extinct Flying Reptiles
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 05 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Discussions
A Little Girl in Old Washington
Physiology
The Underground World: A mirror of life below the surface
Abraham Lincoln: a History — Volume 01
The Age of Shakespeare
The Women of the Arabs
First in the Field: A Story of New South Wales
The Son of Monte-Cristo, Volume I
Caught in the Net
Kennedy Square
Pauline's Passion and Punishment
The Log School-House on the Columbia
Maori and Settler: A Story of The New Zealand War
Hans Brinker; Or, The Silver Skates
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 03 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Lectures
Caleb West, Master Diver
A Modern Mephistopheles, and A Whisper in the Dark
The Etymology of Local Names: With a short introduction to the relationship of languages. Teutonic names.
Witchcraft & Second Sight in the Highlands & Islands of Scotland: Tales and Traditions Collected Entirely from Oral Sources
Tennessee's Partner
The Old Santa Fe Trail: The Story of a Great Highway
The Education of American Girls
Aunt Jo's Scrap Bag, Volume 1
Eleven Possible Cases
Rambles and Studies in Greece
The History of Creation, Vol. 2 (of 2): Or the Development of the Earth and its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes
A History of the United States
Social Life in the Reign of Queen Anne, Taken from Original Sources
Tribal Custom in Anglo-Saxon Law: Being an Essay Supplemental to (1) 'The English Village Community', (2) 'The Tribal System in Wales'
History of the United States of America, Volume 8 (of 9) : $b During the second administration of James Madison
A Voyage in the 'Sunbeam', Our Home on the Ocean for Eleven Months
Atalanta in Calydon
The English Church in the Eighteenth Century
Condemned as a Nihilist: A Story of Escape from Siberia
My Father as I Recall Him
The Life of William Ewart Gladstone, Vol. 2 (of 3): 1859-1880
On the Origin and Metamorphoses of Insects
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 11 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Miscellany
Six Cups of Coffee: Prepared for the Public Palate by the Best Authorities on Coffee Making
The Story of London
The Mystery of M. Felix
Handbook of Railroad Construction; For the use of American engineers.: Containing the necessary rules, tables, and formulæ for the location, construction, equipment, and management of railroads, as built in the United States.
The Black Cat: A Play in Three Acts
Selections from Previous Works: With Remarks on Romanes' Mental Evolution in Animals, and a Psalm of Montreal
Aunt Jo's Scrap Bag, Volume 5: Jimmy's Cruise in the Pinafore, Etc.
In The Boyhood of Lincoln: A Tale of the Tunker Schoolmaster and the Times of Black Hawk
The Lost Ten Tribes, and 1882
The Blood Covenant: A Primitive Rite and its Bearings on Scripture
The Ethics of Diet: A Catena of Authorities Deprecatory of the Practice of Flesh Eating
Autobiography of Andrew Dickson White — Volume 1
Bits about Home Matters
The Machinery of the Universe: Mechanical Conceptions of Physical Phenomena
The Lost Heir
Notable Women Authors of the Day: Biographical Sketches
Fables and Fabulists: Ancient and Modern
Favorite Fish and Fishing
A Book of the Riviera
Willem Adriaan Van Der Stel, and Other Historical Sketches
Legends of Old Testament characters, from the Talmud and other sources
A Knight of the White Cross: A Tale of the Siege of Rhodes
Life on the Mississippi, Part 4.
Prudy Keeping House
Opening Ceremonies of the New York and Brooklyn Bridge, May 24, 1883
Cooley's Cyclopædia of Practical Receipts and Collateral Information in the Arts, Manufactures, Professions, and Trades..., Sixth Edition, Volume I
In Greek Waters: A Story of the Grecian War of Independence
Elements of Folk Psychology: Outline of a Psychological History of the Development of Mankind
Jessica's First Prayer; and, Jessica's Mother
The Viking Age. Volume 2 (of 2): The early history, manners, and customs of the ancestors of the English-speaking nations
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 3 (1876-1885)
Stickeen
Four American Leaders
Sagittulae, Random Verses
A Little Girl in Old New York
The Telegraph Boy
James Watt
Violin Making: 'The Strad' Library, No. IX.
Glimpses of Three Coasts
Historic Oddities and Strange Events
The Women of the French Salons
Complete Project Gutenberg William Dean Howells Works
Quotes and Images From The Works of Mark Twain
The Discovery of Yellowstone Park: Journal of the Washburn Expedition to the Yellowstone and Firehole Rivers in the Year 1870
The English Utilitarians, Volume 1 (of 3)
Italian Letters of a Diplomat's Wife: January-May, 1880; February-April, 1904
Bernard Brooks' Adventures: The Experience of a Plucky Boy
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 5 (1901-1906)
Rousseau (Volume 1 and 2)
With Clive in India; Or, The Beginnings of an Empire
Brave and True: Short stories for children by G. M. Fenn and Others
Pickwickian Manners and Customs
Historic Sites of Lancashire and Cheshire: A Wayfarer's Notes in the Palatine Counties, Historical, Legendary, Genealogical, and Descriptive.
The Paper Cap: A Story of Love and Labor
Paganism Surviving in Christianity
The day will come : $b a novel
Serapis — Complete
London Pride, Or, When the World Was Younger
Westminster
A Little Girl in Old Quebec
Nine Little Goslings
Gairloch in North-West Ross-Shire: Its Records, Traditions, Inhabitants, and Natural History, with a Guide to Gairloch and Loch Maree, and a Map and Illustrations
Wyllard's Weird: A Novel
King Leopold's Soliloquy: A Defense of His Congo Rule
In Defence of Harriet Shelley
Making His Way; Or, Frank Courtney's Struggle Upward
A History of the McGuffey Readers
Standish of Standish: A Story of the Pilgrims
The Dodge Club; Or, Italy in MDCCCLIX
A Modern Cinderella
Some Personal Reminiscences of Service in the Cavalry of the Army of the Potomac
A concise history and directory of the city of Norwich for 1811
Lulu's Library, Volume 3 (of 3)
Makers of Electricity
Old Greek Education
The Mongols : $b A history
Elsie's scholarship : $b and why she surrendered it
Ragged Lady — Complete
A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder
Some Private Views
Overland through Asia; Pictures of Siberian, Chinese, and Tartar Life
Special Report on Diseases of the Horse
About The Holy Bible: A Lecture
The Mother of Washington and Her Times
Alone
Beyond These Voices
Hints on Child-training
In the Reign of Terror: The Adventures of a Westminster Boy
Won By the Sword : a tale of the Thirty Years' War
A Foregone Conclusion
Through the Fray: A Tale of the Luddite Riots
The Hollow Land
A Chosen Few: Short Stories
A Captive of the Roman Eagles
Riding for Ladies
The New Forest: Its History and Its Scenery
A Text-book of Entomology: Including the Anatomy, Physiology, Embryology and Metamorphoses of Insects for Use in Agricultural and Technical Schools and Colleges as Well as by the Working Entomologist
The dawn of astronomy: A study of the temple-worship and mythology of the ancient Egyptians
Better days; or, A Millionaire of To-morrow
Five of Maxwell's Papers
Recreations in Astronomy: With Directions for Practical Experiments and Telescopic Work
A Study of Shakespeare
The Breath of Life
The Great Book-Collectors
Complete Story of the San Francisco Horror
Zigzag Journeys in Northern Lands;: The Rhine to the Arctic; A Summer Trip of the Zigzag Club Through Holland, Germany, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden
A History of Lancashire
The Boy's Own Book of Indoor Games and Recreations: A Popular Encyclopædia for Boys
Samantha in Europe
Ragnarok : the Age of Fire and Gravel
A Brief History of the United States
The Bread-winners: A Social Study
Freedom in Science and Teaching.: from the German of Ernst Haeckel
The Gladiolus: A Practical Treatise on the Culture of the Gladiolus
The Art and Craft of Printing
The Native Races [of the Pacific states], Volume 4, Antiquities: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 4
South London
The Siberian Overland Route from Peking to Petersburg,: Through the Deserts and Steppes of Mongolia, Tartary, &c.
Philochristus: Memoirs of a Disciple of the Lord
Through the Sikh War: A Tale of the Conquest of the Punjaub
Tattered Tom; or, The Story of a Street Arab
The Psychology of the Emotions
The Cash Boy
The Errand Boy; Or, How Phil Brent Won Success
Homes and How to Make Them
The Passenger from Calais
Adrift in New York: Tom and Florence Braving the World
Hoodie
The Buddhist Catechism
Satires and Profanities
A Pilgrimage to Nejd, the Cradle of the Arab Race. Vol. 1 [of 2]: A Visit to the Court of the Arab Emir, and "our Persian Campaign."
Darkness and Dawn; Or, Scenes in the Days of Nero. An Historic Tale
Loitering in Pleasant Paths
A history of Italian literature
April Hopes
Literary Friends and Acquaintance; a Personal Retrospect of American Authorship
Annie Kilburn : a Novel
"'Tis Sixty Years Since": Address of Charles Francis Adams; Founders' Day, January 16, 1913
The End of the World: A Love Story
Separation and Service; or, Thoughts on Numbers VI, VII.
The Book of Pears and Plums; With Chapters on Cherries and Mulberries
The Intellectual Life
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 07 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Discussions
The History of the City of Fredericksburg, Virginia
The Art of Illustration
Fresh Fields
The seven curses of London
A Chronicle History of the Life and Work of William Shakespeare: Player, Poet, and Playmaker
Runnymede and Lincoln Fair: A Story of the Great Charter
The story of Hungary
Grocers' Goods: A Family Guide to the Purchase of Flour, Sugar, Tea, Coffee, Spices, Canned Goods, Cigars, Wines, and All Other Articles Usually Found in American Grocery Stores
Nelson the Newsboy; Or, Afloat in New York
Paul Prescott's Charge
The Dragon and the Raven; Or, The Days of King Alfred
"Swingin Round the Cirkle.": His Ideas Of Men, Politics, And Things, As Set Forth In; His Letters To The Public Press, During The Year 1866.
Round-about Rambles in Lands of Fact and Fancy
History of English Humour, Vol. 1: With an Introduction upon Ancient Humour
The Standard Oratorios: Their Stories, Their Music, And Their Composers
Peat and its Uses as Fertilizer and Fuel
Reminiscences: The Story of an Emigrant
Three Sunsets and Other Poems
Critical Studies
Lancashire Humour
Tell Me a Story
With the British Legion: A Story of the Carlist Wars
Travels in Peru and India: While Superintending the Collection of Chinchona Plants and Seeds in South America, and Their Introduction into India.
American politics (non-partisan) from the beginning to date : $b embodying a history of all the political parties, with their views and records on all important questions. Great speeches on all great issues, and tabulated history and chronological events.
Saved by love : $b A story of London streets
Travels in the East Indian archipelago
Repertory of The Comedie Humaine, Part 1
A Calendar of Sonnets
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 05 (of 15), German
Cooley's Cyclopædia of Practical Receipts and Collateral Information in the Arts, Manufactures, Professions, and Trades..., Sixth Edition, Volume II
Marion Harland's Autobiography: The Story of a Long Life
Essays of an Americanist: I. Ethnologic and Archæologic. II. Mythology and Folk Lore. III. Graphic Systems and Literature. IV. Linguistic.
Literary Blunders: A Chapter in the "History of Human Error"
Birds and Bees, Sharp Eyes, and Other Papers
Alonzo Fitz, and Other Stories
The Stories Mother Nature Told Her Children
Old French Romances, Done into English
Winter Evening Tales
Miracles and Supernatural Religion
Lectures on the French Revolution
Five Minutes' Stories
Mammy Tittleback and Her Family: A True Story of Seventeen Cats
"Carrots:" Just a Little Boy
Evolution of Expression, Volume 2—Revised: A Compilation of Selections Illustrating the Four Stages of Development in Art As Applied to Oratory; Twenty-Eighth Edition
Ingersollia: Gems of Thought from the Lectures, Speeches, and Conversations of Col. Robert G. Ingersoll, Representative of His Opinions and Beliefs
The Heart of the White Mountains, Their Legend and Scenery: Tourist's Edition
The Chronicles of Newgate, vol. 1/2
Marjorie's Three Gifts
Wulf the Saxon: A Story of the Norman Conquest
Ice-Caves of France and Switzerland
Noah Webster: American Men of Letters
A History of Art in Ancient Egypt, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Children's Book of Birds
The life of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, Civil Engineer
The Lady of Lynn
Chap-books of the Eighteenth Century: With Facsimiles, Notes, and Introduction
International Language and Science: Considerations on the Introduction of an International Language into Science
All along the River: A Novel
Pictured Puzzles and Word Play: A Companion to the Twentieth Century Standard Puzzle Book
Eric, a waif : $b A story of last century
The Facts Concerning the Recent Carnival of Crime in Connecticut
Chess History and Reminiscences
Floyd Grandon's Honor
Happy-Thought Hall
The Cuckoo Clock
Jan Vedder's Wife
Secret Power; or, The Secret of Success in Christian Life and Work
The Story of My Life, volumes 1-3
History of the Commune of 1871
Talks to Farmers
Grif: A Story of Australian Life
Rossa's Recollections, 1838 to 1898: Childhood, boyhood, manhood; customs, habits and manners of the Irish people; Erinach and Sassenach; Catholic and protestant; Englishman and Irishman; English religion; Irish plunder; social life and prison life; the Fenian movement; Travels in Ireland, England, Scotland and America
Titan of Chasms: The Grand Canyon of Arizona
A Book of Dartmoor: Second Edition
David Cusick's Sketches of Ancient History of the Six Nations: Comprising First—A Tale of the Foundation of the Great Island, (Now North America), The Two Infants Born, and the Creation of the Universe. Second—A Real Account of the Early Settlers of north America, and Their Dissensions. Third—Origin of the Kingdom of the Five Nations, Which Was Called a Long House: the Wars, Fierce Animals, &c.
Other People's Money
The Uninhabited House
The House That Jill Built, after Jack's Had Proved a Failure
"Imperialism" and "The Tracks of Our Forefathers"
Quicksilver: The Boy With No Skid to His Wheel
The Dash for Khartoum: A Tale of the Nile Expedition
A history of art in Chaldæa & Assyria, Vol. 1 (of 2)
A Night on the Borders of the Black Forest
Charles Auchester, Volume 1 (of 2)
Eighteenth Century Waifs
Bible Characters
Literature and Life (Complete)
At Agincourt
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 5.
The Mysterious Key and What It Opened
The Graysons: A Story of Illinois
Letters of Peregrine Pickle
The Dates of Variously-shaped Shields, with Coincident Dates and Examples
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 07 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
The Battle of Gettysburg, 1863
The Mysterious Stranger: A Romance
The Evolution Theory, Vol. 1 of 2
The Mystery of Orcival
The Entire March Family Trilogy
Life on the Mississippi, Part 8.
Aboriginal American Authors
Morning Bells; Or, Waking Thoughts for Little Ones
James Fenimore Cooper: American Men of Letters
With Frederick the Great: A Story of the Seven Years' War
An Orkney Maid
The Girls and I: A Veracious History
A Mad Love
Creation Myths of Primitive America: In relation to the Religious History and Mental Development of Mankind
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Leviticus
A Boy's Fortune; Or, The Strange Adventures of Ben Baker
Mark Manning's Mission: The Story of a Shoe Factory Boy
The Magic Egg, and Other Stories
Hopes and Fears for Art
Imaginary Portraits
Giordano Bruno
Editorial Wild Oats
Lill's Travels in Santa Claus Land, and Other Stories
A Little Girl in Old Salem
The Repairing & Restoration of Violins: 'The Strad' Library, No. XII.
The Orpheus C. Kerr Papers, Series 3
When Were Our Gospels Written?
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 06 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Discussions
The Spanish Brothers: A Tale of the Sixteenth Century
Chronicles of Dustypore: A Tale of Modern Anglo-Indian Society
The Wonders of Life: A Popular Study of Biological Philosophy
Confederate Military History - Volume 5 (of 12): A Library of Confederate States History
The Busy Life of Eighty-Five Years of Ezra Meeker: Ventures and adventures; sixty-three years of pioneer life in the old Oregon country; an account of the author's trip across the plains with an ox team; return trip, 1906-7; his cruise on Puget Sound, 1853; trip through the Natchess pass, 1854; over the Chilcoot pass; flat-boating on the Yukon, 1898. The Oregon trail.
The Story of the Glittering Plain: Which Has Been Also Called the Land of Living Men or the Acre of the Undying
Dab Kinzer: A Story of a Growing Boy
Musical Memories
A sailor's lass
The Life Of Thomas Paine, Vol. 1. (of 2): With A History of His Literary, Political and Religious Career in America France, and England; to which is added a Sketch of Paine by William Cobbett
Nevada; or, The Lost Mine, A Drama in Three Acts
Time and Change
East of Paris: Sketches in the Gâtinais, Bourbonnais, and Champagne
Dickens in Camp
In the Catskills: Selections from the Writings of John Burroughs
Old Farm Fairies: A Summer Campaign In Brownieland Against King Cobweaver's Pixies
Just Sixteen.
The Expositor's Bible: The Second Book of Kings
Puck on Pegasus: Fourth Edition
Old times : $b A picture of social life at the end of the eighteenth century
Among the Tibetans
Helping Himself; Or, Grant Thornton's Ambition
A Short Life of Abraham Lincoln: Condensed from Nicolay & Hay's Abraham Lincoln: A History
Half-hours with the Telescope: Being a Popular Guide to the Use of the Telescope as a Means of Amusement and Instruction.
A Jacobite Exile: Being the Adventures of a Young Englishman in the Service of Charles the Twelfth of Sweden
Gibbon
On the Irrawaddy: A Story of the First Burmese War
Architecture: Classic and Early Christian
Facing Death; Or, The Hero of the Vaughan Pit: A Tale of the Coal Mines
Recollections of a Varied Life
Jungle and Stream; Or, The Adventures of Two Boys in Siam
Perseverance Island; Or, The Robinson Crusoe of the Nineteenth Century
Mark the Match Boy; or, Richard Hunter's Ward
Mandalay to Momien: A narrative of the two expeditions to western China of 1868 and 1875 under Colonel Edward B. Sladen and Colonel Horace Browne
A bankrupt heart, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Soils, their formation, properties, composition, and relations to climate and plant growth in the humid and arid regions
The Coming Conquest of England
First Lessons in Geography: Or, Introduction to "Youth's Manual of Geography"
The Heptalogia
Bunyip Land: A Story of Adventure in New Guinea
Through Russian Snows: A Story of Napoleon's Retreat from Moscow
The Witches of New York
Rhyme? and reason?
Sixty Years in Southern California, 1853-1913: Containing the Reminiscences of Harris Newmark
A Likely Story
Cups and Their Customs
The Paladins of Edwin the Great
Birds useful and birds harmful
Frank's Campaign; Or, The Farm and the Camp
Thirty-One Years on the Plains and in the Mountains, Or, the Last Voice from the Plains: An Authentic Record of a Life Time of Hunting, Trapping, Scouting and Indian Fighting in the Far West
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 07
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 11 to 15
Friends, though divided: A Tale of the Civil War
Astrophel and Other Poems: Taken from The Collected Poetical Works of Algernon Charles; Swinburne, Vol. VI
Dead Man's Land: Being the Voyage to Zimbambangwe of certain and uncertain blacks and whites
Aunt Jo's Scrap Bag, Volume 6: An Old-Fashioned Thanksgiving, Etc.
Our Artist in Cuba, Peru, Spain and Algiers: Leaves from The Sketch-Book of a Traveller, 1864-1868
Hanging in Chains
Anthon L. Skanchy : $b  a brief autobiographical sketch of the missionary labors of a valiant soldier for Christ
Marius the Epicurean — Volume 2
Songs Before Sunrise
Samantha on the Woman Question
The Wit of a Duck and Other Papers
Cornwall
The Magic Nuts
Reminiscences of Travel in Australia, America, and Egypt
Freaks of Fanaticism, and Other Strange Events
The Pacification of Burma
The Massarenes
A voice from Harper's Ferry; a narrative of events at Harper's Ferry : $b with incidents prior and subsequent to its capture by Captain Brown and his men
Robert Louis Stevenson: A Record, an Estimate, and a Memorial
My First Visit to New England, and Others (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Diary of the Besieged Resident in Paris
Critical Miscellanies, Vol. 1, Essay 3: Byron
The Bag of Diamonds
Child's Health Primer For Primary Classes: With Special Reference to the Effects of Alcoholic Drinks, Stimulants, and Narcotics upon The Human System
A Captain in the Ranks: A Romance of Affairs
The Expositor's Bible: The Gospel of St. John, Vol. I
A Christmas Child: A Sketch of a Boy-Life
Heresy: Its Utility And Morality. A Plea And A Justification
Stanley in Africa: The Wonderful Discoveries and Thrilling Adventures of the Great African Explorer, and Other Travelers, Pioneers and Missionaries
Rhymes and Jingles
The Infidel: A Story of the Great Revival
The Making of the Great West, 1512-1883
Napoleon's British visitors and captives, 1801-1815
History of the United States of America, Volume 1 (of 9) : $b During the first administration of Thomas Jefferson
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 2 (1867-1875)
At Last: A Novel
The Water of the Wondrous Isles
Pomona's Travels: A Series of Letters to the Mistress of Rudder Grange from her Former Handmaiden
Roman Mosaics; Or, Studies in Rome and Its Neighbourhood
Saint Bartholomew's Eve: A Tale of the Huguenot Wars
Charge! A Story of Briton and Boer
The History and Records of the Elephant Club
May Flowers
At the Black Rocks
Bow-Wow and Mew-Mew
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions
Breton Folk: An artistic tour in Brittany
My Story
A Minion of the Moon: A Romance of the King's Highway
The Lion of the North: A Tale of the Times of Gustavus Adolphus
Bound to Rise; Or, Up the Ladder
Castilian Days
Speculations from Political Economy
Roughing It, Part 5.
The Abbot's Ghost, or Maurice Treherne's Temptation: A Christmas Story
Poems by Emily Dickinson, Third Series
With Wolfe in Canada: The Winning of a Continent
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 07 (of 15), Spanish
The Adventures of Don Lavington: Nolens Volens
John Knox
Four Years in Rebel Capitals: An Inside View of Life in the Southern Confederacy from Birth to Death
By Conduct and Courage: A Story of the Days of Nelson
A Castle in Spain: A Novel
A Speckled Bird
Hell: Warm Words on the Cheerful and Comforting Doctrine of Eternal Damnation
Heretics And Heresies: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'
The Carved Lions
South America: Observations and Impressions: New edition corrected and revised
Driven from Home; Or, Carl Crawford's Experience
Tales of the Argonauts
Station Life in New Zealand
Seven English Cities
When London Burned : a Story of Restoration Times and the Great Fire
Bacon is Shake-Speare: Together with a Reprint of Bacon's Promus of Formularies and Elegancies
The Humour of Homer and Other Essays
The Great Lone Land: A Narrative of Travel and Adventure in the North-West of America
History of the Rise of the Huguenots, Vol. 2
Not Quite Eighteen
The Bible: What It Is!
A Reconstructed Marriage
The Story of Antony Grace
Popular scientific lectures
Chronicles of Newgate, Vol. 2: From the eighteenth century to its demolition
Lord Roberts' Message to the Nation
Vigilante Days and Ways: The pioneers of the Rockies; the makers and making of Montana and Idaho
Under the Redwoods
String Quartet in C minor, Op. 51 no. 1
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 05
The Lady of the Aroostook
Authorised Guide to the Tower of London
New National First Reader
Dick o' the Fens: A Tale of the Great East Swamp
Strange Stories from History for Young People
The Voyage of the Vega round Asia and Europe, Volume I and Volume II
True to His Home: A Tale of the Boyhood of Franklin
Poems
The Vast Abyss: The Story of Tom Blount, his Uncles and his Cousin Sam
Men of the Bible
A Round Dozen
Henry Martyn, Saint and Scholar: First Modern Missionary to the Mohammedans, 1781-1812
Alcohol and the Human Brain
The House of the White Shadows
Mysteries of Police and Crime, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Fleet: Its Rivers, Prison, and Marriages
The Disagreeable Woman: A Social Mystery
The Great War of 189-: A Forecast
A Lady's Visit to the Gold Diggings of Australia in 1852-53
Herbert Carter's Legacy; Or, the Inventor's Son
Pantheism, Its Story and Significance: Religions Ancient and Modern
The Queen of the Pirate Isle
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 1 of 3), Essay 1: Robespierre
Slow and Sure: The Story of Paul Hoffman the Young Street-Merchant
Sovereign Grace: Its Source, Its Nature and Its Effects
On Germinal Selection as a Source of Definite Variation
Dan, the Newsboy
Eve: A Novel
Fifty Years Ago
Merry Tales
Happiness: Essays on the meaning of life
Devil's Ford
A Day of Fate
The Measure of a Man
Off to the Wilds: Being the Adventures of Two Brothers
Julian Home
The Supplies for the Confederate Army,: how they were obtained in Europe and how paid for.
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 11 (of 15), Roman
The Ghost
Special report on diseases of cattle
Artist and Model (The Divorced Princess)
A Little Girl in Old St. Louis
Russian Prisons: St. Peter and St. Paul; the Schlüsselburg; the Ostrog at Omsk; the story of Siberian exile; Tiumen, Tomsk, Saghalien
All the World Over: Interesting Stories of Travel, Thrilling Adventure and Home Life
The Count's Millions
Baron Trigault's Vengeance
Questionable Shapes
Gold, Sport, and Coffee Planting in Mysore: With chapters on coffee planting in Coorg, the Mysore representative assembly, the Indian congress, caste and the Indian silver question, being the 38 years' experiences of a Mysore planter
Christmas Every Day and Other Stories
The Well in the Desert: An Old Legend of the House of Arundel
The Youth of Jefferson: Or, a Chronicle of College Scrapes at Williamsburg, in Virginia, A.D. 1764
A Girl of the Commune
Amusement: A Force in Christian Training
Indian Story and Song, from North America
Macaria
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 12 (of 15), Japanese and Chinese
Sawdust & Spangles: Stories & Secrets of the Circus
Randolph Caldecott: A Personal Memoir of His Early Art Career
Dr. Arne and Rule, Britannia
Red and White: A Tale of the Wars of the Roses
The Dead Letter: An American Romance
A Soldier's Experience; or, A Voice from the Ranks: Showing the Cost of War in Blood and Treasure. A Personal Narrative of the Crimean Campaign, from the Standpoint of the Ranks; the Indian Mutiny, and Some of its Atrocities; the Afghan Campaigns of 1863
The American Jew as Patriot, Soldier and Citizen
Inmates of My House and Garden
The Lion's Whelp: A Story of Cromwell's Time
The 125th Regiment, Illinois Volunteer Infantry: Attention Batallion!
Christopher Columbus: His Life and His Work
Ivar the Viking: A romantic history based upon authentic facts of the third and fourth centuries
A Barren Title: A Novel
London City
Flying Machines: Construction and Operation: A Practical Book Which Shows, in Illustrations, Working Plans and Text, How to Build and Navigate the Modern Airship
Mark Twain's Letters — Volume 6 (1907-1910)
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Complete
The Fair Haven
By Sheer Pluck: A Tale of the Ashanti War
The Church and Modern Life
In the Irish Brigade: A Tale of War in Flanders and Spain
On the Evolution of Language: First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1879-80, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1881, pages 1-16
Cutlass and Cudgel
Mass' George: A Boy's Adventures in the Old Savannah
Upon The Tree-Tops
Lost in the Jungle; Narrated for Young People
Antonio Stradivari
A Memoir of Sir Edmund Andros, Knt.,: Governor of New England, New York and Virginia, &c., &c.
Trial of C. B. Reynolds For Blasphemy, at Morristown, N. J., May 1887: Defence
Through a Microscope: Something of the Science, Together with many Curious Observations Indoor and Out and Directions for a Home-made Microscope.
True Bear Stories
Redskin and Cow-Boy: A Tale of the Western Plains
The Notting Hill Mystery
With Roberts to Pretoria: A Tale of The South African War
Marjorie Daw
Complete Project Gutenberg William Dean Howells Literature Essays
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 1.
A Young Girl's Wooing
Anahuac : or, Mexico and the Mexicans, Ancient and Modern
A Midnight Fantasy
Essay on the Creative Imagination
Fragments of an Autobiography
Thomas Paine: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'
Among the Tibetans
Twenty Years in Europe: A Consul-General's Memories of Noted People, with Letters From General W. T. Sherman
Robber and hero: the story of the raid on the First National Bank of Northfield, Minnesota, by the James-Younger band of robbers, in 1876.
Modern French Prisons: Bicêtre; St. Pélagie; St. Lazare; La Force; The Conciergerie; La Grande and La Petite Roquettes; Mazas; La Santé
Tales from the Works of G. A. Henty
Early London: Prehistoric, Roman, Saxon and Norman
The Prophecies of the Brahan Seer (Coinneach Odhar Fiosaiche)
The Tower of London
Reminiscences of Peace and War
The Champdoce Mystery
History of the Mackenzies, with genealogies of the principal families of the name
Monsieur, Madame, and Bébé — Complete
Arachne — Complete
Hector's Inheritance, Or, the Boys of Smith Institute
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 8.
Lectures of Col. R. G. Ingersoll - Latest
Out on the Pampas; Or, The Young Settlers
The Mapleson Memoirs, 1848-1888, vol I
Mountain-Laurel and Maidenhair
History of European Morals From Augustus to Charlemagne (Vol. 1 of 2)
Gleanings among the Sheaves
The Talk of the Town, Volume 1 (of 2)
Gaza: A City of Many Battles (from the Family of Noah to the Present Day)
The Dinner Year-Book
Running to Waste: The Story of a Tomboy
A Thrilling Narrative of the Minnesota Massacre and the Sioux War of 1862-63: Graphic Accounts of the Siege of Fort Ridgely, Battles of Birch Coolie, Wood Lake, Big Mound, Stony Lake, Dead Buffalo Lake and Missouri River
Ben Bruce: Scenes in the Life of a Bowery Newsboy
History for ready reference, Volume 2, El Dorado to Greaves
Myths of the Modocs
Trent's Trust, and Other Stories
Greek Studies: a Series of Essays
Tales of Daring and Danger
Thirty Years a Slave: From Bondage to Freedom: The Institution of Slavery as Seen on the Plantation and in the Home of the Planter: Autobiography of Louis Hughes
The Grand Cañon of the Colorado
The Cathedral Church of Peterborough: A Description Of Its Fabric And A Brief History Of The Episcopal See
The Easiest Way in Housekeeping and Cooking: Adapted to Domestic Use or Study in Classes
Familiar Talks on Science: World-Building and Life; Earth, Air and Water.
The Seven Follies of Science [2nd ed.]: A popular account of the most famous scientific impossibilities and the attempts which have been made to solve them. To which is added a small budget of interesting paradoxes, illusions, and marvels
Individuality: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'
Christmas-Tree Land
The Myths and Fables of To-Day
Nasby in Exile: or, Six Months of Travel in England, Ireland, Scotland, France, Germany, Switzerland and Belgium, with many things not of travel
The Dawn of the XIXth Century in England: A social sketch of the times
Life in South Africa
Grit; or, The Young Boatman of Pine Point
The New Man: Twenty-nine years a slave, twenty-nine years a free man
Essays on Paul Bourget
Within an Inch of His Life
A Word, Only a Word — Complete
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 06
The Great Salt Lake Trail
Seekers after God
The Blunders of a Bashful Man
Burr Junior
Nic Revel: A White Slave's Adventures in Alligator Land
Blue Bonnet's Ranch Party
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 2 of 3), Essay 2: Turgot
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 02 (of 15), American (2)
Seeds of Michigan Weeds
The Red Mustang
Geology
Random Rhymes and Rambles
Camp Venture: A Story of the Virginia Mountains
The Last Link: Our Present Knowledge of the Descent of Man
Out with Garibaldi: A story of the liberation of Italy
Social England under the Regency, Vol. 2 (of 2)
"About My Father's Business": Work Amidst the Sick, the Sad, and the Sorrowing
John Herring: A West of England Romance. Volume 2 (of 3)
Mirèio, a Provençal Poem
The New Astronomy
Christopher Columbus (1440-1506) : $b the first American citizen (by adoption)
Remember the Alamo
Lucile
Alps and Sanctuaries of Piedmont and the Canton Ticino
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Chapters 26 to 30
Roughing It, Part 7.
True to the Old Flag: A Tale of the American War of Independence
The Golden Calf
The Abominations of Modern Society
A Popular History of the Art of Music: From the Earliest Times Until the Present
Young Captain Jack; Or, The Son of a Soldier
The Weathercock: Being the Adventures of a Boy with a Bias
The Hunting of the Snark
The Strand District
The Young Outlaw; or, Adrift in the Streets
A Record of Study in Aboriginal American Languages
The Casting Away of Mrs. Lecks and Mrs. Aleshine
Some Phases of Sexual Morality and Church Discipline in Colonial New England
The Stones of Paris in History and Letters, Volume 1 (of 2)
A Fair Mystery: The Story of a Coquette
Armorel of Lyonesse: A Romance of To-day
The Turkish Empire, Its Growth and Decay
Cornish Worthies: Sketches of Some Eminent Cornish Men and Families, Volume 2 (of 2)
Aurora Floyd, Vol. 2: Fifth Edition
Georgia: Its History, Condition and Resources
The Family at Gilje: A Domestic Story of the Forties
The Young Salesman
Moments with Mark Twain
The Kernel and the Husk: Letters on Spiritual Christianity
Medicine in the Middle Ages: Extracts from "Le Moyen Age Medical" by Dr. Edmond Dupouy; translated by T. C. Minor
Woman in the golden ages
Alcuin of York : $b Lectures delivered in the cathedral church of Bristol in 1907 and 1908
Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair
A Tramp Abroad — Volume 01
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 3.
Round the Block: An American Novel
How to become like Christ
Yorkshire Lyrics: Poems written in the Dialect as Spoken in the West Riding of Yorkshire. To which are added a Selection of Fugitive Verses not in the Dialect
Fire Island: Being the Adventures of Uncertain Naturalists in an Unknown Track
A Forgotten Hero; Or, Not for Him
A Lecture on the Study of History
A Christmas Posy
The Orpheus C. Kerr Papers, Series 2
Fishing and Shooting Sketches
Shakespeare: A Lecture
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 02 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Lectures
The Confessions of a Collector
The Art and Practice of Silver Printing
An Enchanted Garden: Fairy Stories
Household stories from the Land of Hofer; or, Popular Myths of Tirol
The Life of Albert Gallatin
History of the Zulu War
Langley Memoir on Mechanical Flight, Parts I and II: Smithsonian Contributions to Knowledge, Volume 27 Number 3, Publication 1948, 1911
Aurora Floyd, Vol. 1: Fifth Edition
Old Country Life
Samuel Pepys and the World He Lived In
A Debt of Honor: The Story of Gerald Lane's Success in the Far West
Where Animals Talk: West African Folk Lore Tales
Angels in Art
Chinese pictures : $b notes on photographs made in China
Paul the Peddler; Or, The Fortunes of a Young Street Merchant
Gaston de Latour; an unfinished romance
The Bride of the Nile — Complete
The Bravest of the Brave — or, with Peterborough in Spain
Life on the Mississippi, Part 6.
Roughing It, Part 3.
Poems By The Way & Love Is Enough
Wyandot Government: A Short Study of Tribal Society: Bureau of American Ethnology
Angel Agnes: The Heroine of the Yellow Fever Plague in Shreveport
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 04 (of 15), English
Stories and Sketches
The Medallic History of the United States of America 1776-1876
Evolution, Old & New: Or, the Theories of Buffon, Dr. Erasmus Darwin and Lamarck,; as compared with that of Charles Darwin
The Quality of Mercy
A Year in the Fields
The Origin of Finger-Printing
The Raid of John Brown at Harper's Ferry as I Saw It
The Arm-Chair at the Inn
Anno Domini 2000; or, Woman's Destiny
At Minas Basin, and Other Poems
Making His Mark
Scottish Reminiscences
Work and Play in Girls' Schools: By Three Head Mistresses
Anthropology : $b an introduction to the study of man and civilization
A Dream of John Ball; and, A King's Lesson
Stories in Light and Shadow
With Lee in Virginia: A Story of the American Civil War
The Inhumanity of Socialism
A March on London: Being a Story of Wat Tyler's Insurrection
Saxe Holm's Stories: First Series
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 10 (of 15), Greek
The Book-Collector: A General Survey of the Pursuit and of those who have engaged in it at Home and Abroad from the Earliest Period to the Present Time
Extracts from Adam's Diary
History of Morgan's Cavalry
Stan Lynn: A Boy's Adventures in China
Hope Benham: A Story for Girls
Problems in Greek history
It Never Can Happen Again
Years of My Youth
Common Sense in the Household: A Manual of Practical Housewifery
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 02 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
The Exhibition Drama: Comprising Drama, Comedy, and Farce, Together with Dramatic and Musical Entertainments
The Last Abbot of Glastonbury: A Tale of the Dissolution of the Monasteries
After the War: A Southern Tour. May 1, 1865 to May 1, 1866
Stair-Building and the Steel Square: A Manual of Practical Instruction in the Art of Stair-Building and Hand-Railing, and the Manifold Uses of the Steel Square
The Armies of Europe
The Evolution Theory, Vol. 2 of 2
Buried Cities and Bible Countries
The Early Christians in Rome
Angola and the River Congo, vol. 2
Phil, the Fiddler
The Hawaiian Archipelago
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 5.
Roman Holidays, and Others
A Life of Gen. Robert E. Lee
Captured by the Navajos
By Right of Conquest; Or, With Cortez in Mexico
At Aboukir and Acre: A Story of Napoleon's Invasion of Egypt
A Chapter of Adventures
Draw Swords! In the Horse Artillery
Silver Pitchers: and Independence, a Centennial Love Story
The Vicar's People
The Browning Cyclopædia: A Guide to the Study of the Works of Robert Browning
How to Travel: Hints, Advice, and Suggestions to Travelers by Land and Sea all over the Globe.
Florizel's Folly
The Bab Ballads, with Which Are Included Songs of a Savoyard
The Prophecy of Merlin, and Other Poems
The great Galeoto; Folly or saintliness: two plays done from the verse of José Echegaray into English prose by Hannah Lynch
Those Other Animals
Original Plays, Second Series
Stirring scenes in savage lands : $b An account of the manners, customs, habits and recreations, peaceful and warlike, of the uncivilised world
Tom Grogan
The Bab Ballads
More Bab Ballads
The San Francisco Calamity by Earthquake and Fire
The Duchess of Berry and the Court of Charles X
Try and Trust; Or, Abner Holden's Bound Boy
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 7.
Only an Irish Boy; Or, Andy Burke's Fortunes
Shakespeare's Insomnia, and the Causes Thereof
Memories : $b A record of personal experience and adventure during four years of war
Throwing-sticks in the National Museum: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1883-'84, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1890, pages 279-289
What Might Have Been Expected
With Kitchener in the Soudan: A Story of Atbara and Omdurman
On Limitations to the Use of Some Anthropologic Data
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 03 (of 15), Spanish American
No Surrender! A Tale of the Rising in La Vendee
Parsifal: Story and Analysis of Wagner's Great Opera
Sappers and Miners: The Flood beneath the Sea
A Little World
Nelly's Silver Mine: A Story of Colorado Life
Red Eagle and the Wars With the Creek Indians of Alabama.
The Ivory Gate, a new edition
My Cave Life in Vicksburg, with Letters of Trial and Travel
A Few Words About the Devil, and Other Biographical Sketches and Essays
In New England Fields and Woods
The Age of Dryden
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistles of St. Peter
Under One Sceptre, or Mortimer's Mission: The Story of the Lord of the Marches
The Secret Service, the Field, the Dungeon, and the Escape
Premature Burial and How It May Be Prevented
Mr. Wayt's Wife's Sister
Southern Soldier Stories
Far above rubies (Vol. 1 of 3) : $b A novel
God the Known and God the Unknown
The Sisters — Complete
Through the Mackenzie Basin: A Narrative of the Athabasca and Peace River Treaty Expedition of 1899
Burke
In Bohemia with Du Maurier: The First of a Series of Reminiscences
"Us," An Old Fashioned Story
Studies in Early Victorian Literature
The brother clerks : $b a tale of New-Orleans
Under Drake's Flag: A Tale of the Spanish Main
Libraries in the Medieval and Renaissance Periods: The Rede Lecture Delivered June 13, 1894
The King's Sons
John Gayther's Garden and the Stories Told Therein
Psychic phenomena : $b a brief account of the physical manifestations observed in psychical research
The Only Woman in the Town, and Other Tales of the American Revolution
At the Ghost Hour. The House of the Unbelieving Thomas
Uncanny Tales
The Women of the Confederacy
Fairy Circles: Tales and Legends of Giants, Dwarfs, Fairies, Water-Sprites, and Hobgoblins
Cartouche
The History of the Confederate War, Its Causes and Its Conduct, Volume 1 (of 2): A Narrative and Critical History
Secret Service Under Pitt
The Good Gray Poet, A Vindication
The Village Champion
Footsteps of Dr. Johnson (Scotland)
The Adventures of Jimmy Brown
Harrington: A Story of True Love
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John Burroughs
The Wild North Land: The Story of a Winter Journey with Dogs across Northern North America
The heart of Africa, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Fifty "Bab" Ballads: Much Sound and Little Sense
Who Wrote the Bible? : a Book for the People
John James Audubon
Henry Dunbar: A Novel
Natalie; Or, A Gem Among the Sea-Weeds
On Compromise
Herzegovina; Or, Omer Pacha and the Christian Rebels
A Little Swiss Sojourn
Both Sides the Border: A Tale of Hotspur and Glendower
Through Three Campaigns: A Story of Chitral, Tirah and Ashanti
Aunt Jo's Scrap Bag, Volume 2: Shawl-Straps
The Young Franc Tireurs, and Their Adventures in the Franco-Prussian War
Miss Mehetabel's Son
The Young Castellan: A Tale of the English Civil War
Weighed and Wanting: Addresses on the Ten Commandments
Sturdy and Strong; Or, How George Andrews Made His Way
Beatrice Boville and Other Stories
Mark Mason's Victory: The Trials and Triumphs of a Telegraph Boy
A Twofold Life
The Christian Religion: An Enquiry
Letters of Lord Acton to Mary, Daughter of the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 01 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
Danes, Saxons and Normans; or, Stories of our ancestors
The Real Shelley. New Views of the Poet's Life. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Lady Sybil's Choice: A Tale of the Crusades
The Last of the Flatboats: A Story of the Mississippi and Its Interesting Family of Rivers
Social England under the Regency, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The History of the Highland Clearances: Second Edition, Altered and Revised
The Backwoods Boy; or, The Boyhood and Manhood of Abraham Lincoln
My Opinions and Betsey Bobbet's: Designed as a Beacon Light to Guide Women to Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness, But Which May Be Read by Members of the Sterner Sect, without Injury to Themselves or the Book
The Campaign of Waterloo: A Military History: Third Edition
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Lewis Carroll
The undertakers' manual
Erewhon Revisited Twenty Years Later, Both by the Original Discoverer of the Country and by His Son
The Tale of Balen
Evolution of Expression — Volume 1
Facing the World
Suburban Sketches
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 5.
Life on the Mississippi, Part 5.
Charlotte's Inheritance
Indian Games and Dances with Native Songs
The Big Brother: A Story of Indian War
Randy of the River; Or, The Adventures of a Young Deckhand
A Little Girl in Old Boston
The Telephone: An Account of the Phenomena of Electricity, Magnetism, and Sound, as Involved in Its Action
On the Cross: A Romance of the Passion Play at Oberammergau
Small Horses in Warfare
The Epic of Hades, in Three Books
Rambles in Dickens' Land
The March to Magdala
A Prince of Anahuac: A Histori-traditional Story Antedating the Aztec Empire
Minnesota, the North Star State
The Origin of the Knowledge of Right and Wrong
Brittany
Hyde Park from Domesday-book to Date
Wanda, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Digging for Gold: A Story of California
Fossil Butterflies: Memoirs of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, I.
Scotland in Pagan Times; The Iron Age
The Red Man's Rebuke
Lightning, Thunder and Lightning Conductors
History of the United States of America, Volume 9 (of 9) : $b During the second administration of James Madison
Goldsmith's Friend Abroad Again
St. George for England
A Woodland Queen ('Reine des Bois') — Volume 3
Plato and Platonism
The Clique of Gold
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 2, Part 5
The Living Link: A Novel
Hetty's Strange History
Brave and Bold; Or, The Fortunes of Robert Rushton
The Rome Express
Little Prudy's Sister Susy
A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents. Volume 8, part 3: Grover Cleveland, First Term
The Wedding Ring: A Series of Discourses for Husbands and Wives and Those Contemplating Matrimony
The Young Miner; Or, Tom Nelson in California
History of the Rise of the Huguenots, Vol. 1
Diderot and the Encyclopædists (Vol. 2 of 2)
Camping with President Roosevelt
Whitman: A Study
Helen Grant's Schooldays
Zigzag Journeys in Europe: Vacation Rambles in Historic Lands
Tales of the Wonder Club, Volume I
A Song of a Single Note: A Love Story
Cecil Castlemaine's Gage, Lady Marabout's Troubles, and Other Stories
Report on the Radiolaria Collected by H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-1876, First Part: Porulosa (Spumellaria and Acantharia): Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-76, Vol. XVIII
The Journals of Major-Gen. C. G. Gordon, C.B., at Kartoum.
Kittyleen: Flaxie Frizzle Stories
Marion Harland's Complete Etiquette: A Young People's Guide to Every Social Occasion
Rupert's Ambition
The Train Boy
The Great Horse; or, The War Horse: from the time of the Roman Invasion till its development into the Shire Horse.
The New-Year's Bargain
The Steel Flea
A Class-Book of New Testament History
Text book of veterinary medicine, Volume 1 (of 5)
Autobiography of Andrew Dickson White — Volume 2
A Sappho of Green Springs
The Stillwater Tragedy
Homo Sum — Complete
The Story of My Life — Complete
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 7.
Familiar Spanish Travels
Life on the Mississippi, Part 1.
Roughing It, Part 6.
In the Heart of the Vosges and Other Sketches by a "Devious Traveller"
Jack Archer: A Tale of the Crimea
A Jolly Fellowship
Ting-a-ling
Holborn and Bloomsbury
Little Prudy
Diamond Dyke: The Lone Farm on the Veldt - Story of South African Adventure
The Christmas Fairy, and Other Stories
A Fluttered Dovecote
The Noank's Log: A Privateer of the Revolution
Arne; Early Tales and Sketches: Patriots Edition
Folle-Farine
The Solution of the Pyramid Problem; or, Pyramid Discoveries: With a New Theory as to their Ancient Use
An Artist's Letters from Japan
In African Forest and Jungle
Breakfast, Luncheon and Tea
A Dog of Flanders, The Nürnberg Stove, and Other Stories
Oriental Prisons: Prisons and Crime in India, the Andaman Islands, Burmah, China, Japan, Egypt, Turkey
The Economy of Workshop Manipulation: A logical method of learning constructive mechanics. Arranged with questions for the use of apprentice engineers and students.
Jerusalem, the City of Herod and Saladin
The Mongols in Russia
A Protegee of Jack Hamlin's, and Other Stories
A Drift from Redwood Camp
A Woodland Queen ('Reine des Bois') — Complete
The Home Acre
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 8.
Kitty's Class Day and Other Stories
Jack's Ward; Or, The Boy Guardian
Bab Ballads and Savoy Songs
The Tiger of Mysore: A Story of the War with Tippoo Saib
With Lee in Virginia: A Story of the American Civil War
An Estimate of the Value and Influence of Works of Fiction in Modern Times
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Ely: A History and Description of the Building with a Short Account of the Monastery and of the See
Begumbagh: A Tale of the Indian Mutiny
To The West
Three years in the Sixth Corps : $b A concise narrative of events in the Army of the Potomac, from 1861 to the close of the rebellion, April, 1865
Prisoners of Poverty: Women Wage-Workers, Their Trades and Their Lives
A New Atmosphere
The Abolition Crusade and Its Consequences: Four Periods of American History
Travels in South Kensington: with Notes on Decorative Art and Architecture in England
Mosby's War Reminiscences; Stuart's Cavalry Campaigns
Private Journal of Henry Francis Brooke: Late Brigadier-General Commanding 2nd Infantry Brigade, Kandahar Field Force, Southern Afghanistan, from April 22nd to August 16th, 1880
The English Village Community: Examined in its Relations to the Manorial and Tribal Systems and to the Common or Open Field System of Husbandry; An Essay in Economic History (Reprinted from the Fourth Edition)
The Wolf Hunters: A Story of the Buffalo Plains
Races and Peoples: Lectures on the Science of Ethnography
English spelling and spelling reform
The heart of Africa, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Joe the Hotel Boy; Or, Winning out by Pluck
Ponkapog Papers
Bunyan Characters (1st Series)
Poems by Emily Dickinson, Series Two
Some Rambling Notes of an Idle Excursion
Timothy Crump's Ward: A Story of American Life
Luck, or Cunning, as the Main Means of Organic Modification
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Part 6.
Roughing It, Part 2.
Phantom Fortune, a Novel
A Chance Acquaintance
A Dream of Empire; Or, The House of Blennerhassett
Something of Men I Have Known: With Some Papers of a General Nature, Political, Historical, and Retrospective
History of the English People, Volume III: The Parliament, 1399-1461; The  Monarchy 1461-1540
Half-Hours with the Stars: A Plain and Easy Guide to the Knowledge of the Constellations
The Hoosier School-boy
Ben's Nugget; Or, A Boy's Search For Fortune
The Political History of England - Vol XI: From Addington's Administration to the close of William IV.'s Reign (1801-1837)
Poems & Ballads (Second Series): Swinburne's Poems Volume III
Penshurst Castle in the Time of Sir Philip Sidney
A Boy's Town
Imaginary Interviews
The Religious Sentiment: Its Source and Aim: A Contribution to the Science and; Philosophy of Religion
Political economy
The Expositor's Bible: The Gospel of St. John, Vol. II
Mad: A Story of Dust and Ashes
Dorothy's Double. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Impeachment of the House of Brunswick
The Life Of Thomas Paine, Vol. 2. (of 2): With A History of His Literary, Political and Religious Career in America France, and England
Wenderholme: A Story of Lancashire and Yorkshire
Pabo, the Priest: A Novel
John Inglesant: A Romance (Volume 1 of 2)
Cornish Worthies: Sketches of Some Eminent Cornish Men and Families, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Man of Galilee
The Warfare of Science
Early French Prisons: Le Grand and Le Petit Châtelets; Vincennes; The Bastile; Loches; The Galleys; Revolutionary Prisons
William Blake, Painter and Poet
Kitty Alone: A Story of Three Fires (vol. 2 of 3)
Rough and Ready; Or, Life Among the New York Newsboys
John Brown the Hero: Personal Reminiscences
Home Life in All Lands—Book III—Animal Friends and Helpers
Josiah Allen's Wife as a P. A. and P. I.: Samantha at the Centennial.: Designed As a Bright and Shining Light, to Pierce the Fogs of Error and Injustice That Surround Society and Josiah, and to Bring More Clearly to View the Path That Leads Straight on to Virtue and Happiness.
Songs of a Savoyard
The Landlord at Lion's Head — Complete
The Story of My Life — Volume 06
Life on the Mississippi, Part 2.
A Happy Boy
Italian Journeys
Kate's ordeal
Will of the Mill
History of the English People, Volume V: Puritan England, 1603-1660
The Sundering Flood
Th' History o' Haworth Railway: fra' th' beginnin' to th' end, wi' an ackaant o' th' oppnin' serrimony
The Life of Sir James Fitzjames Stephen, Bart., K.C.S.I.: A Judge of the High Court of Justice
Voyage of the Paper Canoe: A Geographical Journey of 2500 miles, from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico, during the years 1874-5.
Junius Unmasked: Or, Thomas Paine the author of the Letters of Junius and the Declaration of Independence
Homo-Culture; Or, The Improvement of Offspring Through Wiser Generation
The South American Republics, Part 1 of 2
Siam : The Land of the White Elephant as It Was and Is
History of European Morals From Augustus to Charlemagne (Vol. 2 of 2)
With Fire and Sword
Elementary Color
Ravenshoe
The Fort Dearborn Massacre: Written in 1814 by Lieutenant Linai T. Helm, One of the Survivors, with Letters and Narratives of Contemporary Interest
The Queer, the Quaint and the Quizzical: A Cabinet for the Curious
The Expositor's Bible: The First Epistle to the Corinthians
Jasper
Autobiography of Samuel S. Hildebrand, the Renowned Missouri "Bushwacker" and Unconquerable Rob Roy of America: Being his Complete Confession
Shifting For Himself; or, Gilbert Greyson's Fortunes
Picturesque London
The Life of Charlemagne (Charles the Great)
When William IV. Was King
The Basis of Social Relations: A Study in Ethnic Psychology
The Great War Syndicate
Conscience — Volume 4
Wake-Robin
Lost in the Fog
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 4
Rujub, the Juggler
Life on the Mississippi, Part 3.
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 5
The Store Boy
Frontier Stories
The Drama
Esther
Among the Forces
The World of Romance: being Contributions to The Oxford and Cambridge Magazine, 1856
Shadows of the Stage
A Truthful Woman in Southern California
Brownsmith's Boy: A Romance in a Garden
A Young Hero
Held Fast For England: A Tale of the Siege of Gibraltar (1779-83)
The Land of the Long Night
Studies in Literature and History
Patrick Henry
The Battle and the Ruins of Cintla
Prisoners of Conscience
Two Little Waifs
Juggernaut: A Veiled Record
Voltaire
Horsemanship for Women
The Children of the Castle
With the Black Prince
A Book of Cornwall
History of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers. 1862-1865
Herakles, the Hero of Thebes, and Other Heroes of the Myth: Adapted from the Second Book of the Primary Schools of Athens, Greece
The story of my struggles: the memoirs of Arminius Vambéry, Volume 1
Famous Assassinations of History from Philip of Macedon, 336 B. C., to Alexander of Servia, A. D. 1903
The Principles of Chemistry, Volume II
Jed, the Poorhouse Boy
The Sorceress: A Drama in Five Acts
Tom Thatcher's Fortune
James Russell Lowell, A Biography; vol 2/2
The Boy Travellers on the Congo: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey with Henry M. Stanley "Through the Dark Continent"
More Bed-Time Stories
The reality of prayer
Emile Zola
In the Carquinez Woods
Ex Voto: An Account of the Sacro Monte or New Jerusalem at Varallo-Sesia: With Some Notice of Tabachetti's Remaining Work at the Sanctuary of Crea
A Daughter of Fife
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 4.
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 6.
Napoleon's Campaign in Russia, Anno 1812; Medico-Historical
Mercy Philbrick's Choice
The Gracchi Marius and Sulla: Epochs of Ancient History
Young Robin Hood
The Doctor's Dilemma
The Rectory Children
History of Rationalism Embracing a Survey of the Present State of Protestant Theology
Draining for Profit, and Draining for Health
A Final Reckoning: A Tale of Bush Life in Australia
Hours in a Library, Volume 1: New Edition, with Additions
A Life's Eclipse
Rational Horse-Shoeing
Grace Darling, Heroine of the Farne Islands
The Parthenon By Way Of Papendrecht
The Girls at Mount Morris
Sam's Chance, and How He Improved It
The Map of Life: Conduct and Character
House of John Procter, Witchcraft Martyr, 1692
Life of Wagner
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistle to the Hebrews
Walt Whitman: An Address
In God's Way: A Novel
Scottish Loch Scenery
Ponce de Leon: The Rise of the Argentine Republic
Insomnia; and Other Disorders of Sleep
Colin Campbell, Lord Clyde
The story of my struggles: the memoirs of Arminius Vambéry, Volume 2
Last Words on Evolution: A Popular Retrospect and Summary
John Herring: A West of England Romance. Volume 1 (of 3)
A Selection of Cartoons from Puck
Essays Irish and American
Self-Help Mechanical Drawing: An Educational Treatise
Modern house-plans for everybody: For village and country residences costing from two hundred and fifty dollars to eight thousand dollars
The influence of Greek ideas and usages upon the Christian church
Cast Upon the Breakers
The Three Partners
Canterbury Pieces
Samantha at Saratoga
Serapis — Volume 03
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 6
The Englishwoman in America
Camps, Quarters, and Casual Places
Between Whiles
The American Baron: A Novel
The Visionary: Pictures From Nordland
Critical Miscellanies, (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 2: The Death of Mr Mill; Essay 3: Mr Mill's Autobiography
Blue Jackets: The Log of the Teaser
The Young Acrobat of the Great North American Circus
Hollowdell Grange: Holiday Hours in a Country Home
Rufus and Rose; Or, The Fortunes of Rough and Ready
Modern Spiritualism
Little Brothers of the Air
Humanity's Gain from Unbelief: Reprinted from the "North American Review" of March, 1889
The Way to God and How to Find It
A Struggle for Rome, v. 1
The Children of the World
Electricity and Magnetism
Arne: A Sketch of Norwegian Country Life
Little Miss Peggy: Only a Nursery Story
In the Track of the Bookworm
Charles Auchester, Volume 2 (of 2)
Sharps and Flats: A Complete Revelation of the Secrets of Cheating at Games of Chance and Skill
A Layman's Life of Jesus
Mars and Its Mystery
Monsieur Lecoq, v. 2
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 08 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
Saint John Chrysostom, His Life and Times: A sketch of the church and the empire in the fourth century
The Romance of the Harem
Flowers of the Sky
Gray Days and Gold in England and Scotland
Adrift in the City; or, Oliver Conrad's Plucky Fight
The Boy Travellers in the Far East [Part First]: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to Japan and China
Serpent-Worship, and Other Essays, with a Chapter on Totemism
East London
Life of Octavia Hill as Told in Her Letters
A history of art in Chaldæa & Assyria, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Essentials of prayer
Their Silver Wedding Journey — Volume 3
Criticism and Fiction
The Honor of the Name
Joshua — Complete
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 01
London Films
A Traveler from Altruria: Romance
Life on the Mississippi, Part 10.
Coming to the King
Eric; Or, Little by Little
Parisian Points of View
Arabic Authors: A Manual of Arabian History and Literature
Five Hundred Dollars; or, Jacob Marlowe's Secret
Devon Boys: A Tale of the North Shore
The Talking Leaves: An Indian Story
History of the English People, Volume IV
In Nesting Time
The Son of Monte-Cristo
The Boy Crusaders: A Story of the Days of Louis IX.
On the Execution of Music, and Principally of Ancient Music
The Comstock Club
Kathie's Soldiers
London
A Rebel's Recollections
Cave Hunting: Researches on the evidence of caves respecting the early inhabitants of Europe
Stories of the Gorilla Country, Narrated for Young People
A Battle of the Books, recorded by an unknown writer for the use of authors and publishers: To the first for doctrine, to the second for reproof, to both for correction and for instruction in righteousness
Zigzag Journeys in the White City. With Visits to the Neighboring Metropolis
The Preacher's Complete Homiletic Commentary on the Books of the Bible, Volume 15 (of 32): The Preacher's Complete Homiletic Commentary on the Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Volume I
Quaker Strongholds
The Life of David Belasco; Vol. 1
Angola and the River Congo, vol. 1
Brought out of peril
Condensed Novels: New Burlesques
Mark Twain's Burlesque Autobiography
Roundabout to Boston (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Struggling Upward, or Luke Larkin's Luck
Do and Dare — a Brave Boy's Fight for Fortune
Bonnie Prince Charlie : a Tale of Fontenoy and Culloden
Po-No-Kah: An Indian Tale of Long Ago
The Queen's Cup
The Lion of Saint Mark: A Story of Venice in the Fourteenth Century
Lectures on Modern history
Under Wellington's Command: A Tale of the Peninsular War
The Lost Child
The Stock-Feeder's Manual: the chemistry of food in relation to the breeding and feeding of live stock
Luke Walton
Colonel Carter's Christmas and The Romance of an Old-Fashioned Gentleman
The Kopje Garrison: A Story of the Boer War
Winter Fun
A Flight with the Swallows; Or, Little Dorothy's Dream
Dickens
Salome
The Oriel Window
Whip and Spur
Studies in the Theory of Descent (Volumes 1 and 2)
Pygmalion and the Image
Henry D. Thoreau
The Story of Majorca and Minorca
Little Prudy's Captain Horace
Eva's Adventures in Shadow-Land
Charlie Codman's Cruise: A Story for Boys
The Camp-fires of Napoleon: Comprising The Most Brilliant Achievemnents of the Emperor and His Marshals
In the Footprints of Charles Lamb
The Boy Travellers in the Far East, Part Third: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to Ceylon and India; With Descriptions of Borneo, the Philippine Islands and Burmah
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Horatio Alger, Jr.
What Have the Greeks Done for Modern Civilisation?
A wheel within a wheel : $b How I learned to ride the bicycle, with some reflections by the way
The Story of a Great Delusion in a Series of Matter-of-Fact Chapters
From Midshipman to Field Marshal
Beyond the Lines; Or, A Yankee Prisoner Loose in Dixie
The Golden Harpoon; Or, Lost Among the Floes: A Story of the Whaling Grounds
Views and Opinions
The Man Between: An International Romance
Signs of Change
Outpost
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 02
The Leatherwood God
Three Dramas
Monsieur Maurice
Andy Grant's Pluck
The Tapestry Room: A Child's Romance
Nat the Naturalist: A Boy's Adventures in the Eastern Seas
Ahead of the Army
The Dusantes: A Sequel to "The Casting Away of Mrs. Lecks and Mrs. Aleshine"
One Maid's Mischief
A Man of Honor
Outlines of a Philosophy of Religion based on Psychology and History
Garden-Craft Old and New
The Lives of the Saints, Volume 02 (of 16): February
How to judge architecture: a popular guide to the appreciation of buildings
The Children of the Valley
Three Heroines of New England Romance: Their true stories herein set forth by Mrs Harriet Spoffard, Miss Louise Imogen Guiney, and Miss Alice Brown
Onesimus: Memoirs of a Disciple of St. Paul
Mehalah: A Story of the Salt Marshes
My Day: Reminiscences of a Long Life
The Origin and Growth of the Healing Art: A Popular History of Medicine in All Ages and Countries
Early memories; some chapters of autobiography
The ecclesiastical architecture of Scotland from the earliest Christian times to the seventeenth century; vol. 3/3
Life of Mozart
History for ready reference, Volume 3, Greece to Nibelungen
The history of England, from the earliest times to the Norman Conquest
Ginx's Baby: His Birth and Other Misfortunes; a Satire
My Memories of Eighty Years
Gala-Days
Mr. Jack Hamlin's Mediation
The Story of a Mine
The Twins of Table Mountain, and Other Stories
Short Stories and Essays (from Literature and Life)
Conscience — Complete
Sketches New and Old, Part 6.
Eve's Diary, Part 1
Across the Zodiac: The Story of a Wrecked Record
Jimmy, Lucy, and All
The Little Gold Miners of the Sierras and Other Stories
Crown and Sceptre: A West Country Story
The Queen's Scarlet: The Adventures and Misadventures of Sir Richard Frayne
Witness to the Deed
The English Utilitarians, Volume 2 (of 3): James Mill
With Cochrane the Dauntless
Peterkin
The Adventures of Herr Baby
A Singer from the Sea
The Humourous Story of Farmer Bumpkin's Lawsuit
The Books of Chilan Balam: The Prophetic and Historic Records of the Mayas of Yucatan
Her Season in Bath: A Story of Bygone Days
John Marchmont's Legacy, Volumes 1-3
Intra Muros
St. George for England: A Tale of Cressy and Poitiers
Studies in the Out-Lying Fields of Psychic Science
The Palace in the Garden
Adventures of Working Men. From the Notebook of a Working Surgeon
Schools, School-Books and Schoolmasters: A Contribution to the History of Educational Development in Great Britain
Science and Medieval Thought: The Harveian Oration Delivered Before the Royal College of Physicians, October 18, 1900
The Beginners of a Nation: A History of the Source and Rise of the Earliest English Settlements in America, with Special Reference to the Life and Character of the People
A Thousand Francs Reward; and, Military Sketches
Artists and Arabs; Or, Sketching in Sunshine
Famous Men and Great Events of the Nineteenth Century
Rays of Living Light on the One Way of Salvation
With the Allies to Pekin: A Tale of the Relief of the Legations
The Pennycomequicks, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Subtropical Garden; or, beauty of form in the flower garden.
German and Austrian Prisons: Prisons of Prussia, Bavaria, Saxony and Austria-Hungary; the Fortresses of Magdeburg and Spielberg
Spanish Prisons: The Inquisition at Home and Abroad, Prisons Past and Present
Sketches from Eastern History
The Stocking-Knitter's Manual: A Handy Book for the Work-Table
Tales of the Trail: Short Stories of Western Life
Tony, the Hero; Or, A Brave Boy's Adventures with a Tramp
The battles of the world : $b or, cyclopedia of battles, sieges, and important military events
The Boy Travellers in Australasia: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to the Sandwich, Marquesas, Society, Samoan, and Feejee Islands
Essays on Educational Reformers
Soup and Soup Making
Roundabout to Moscow: An Epicurean Journey
Ashcliffe Hall: A tale of the last century
Prayer and praying men
A history of the University of Oxford
Side-Lights on Astronomy and Kindred Fields of Popular Science
Cord and Creese
The English Governess at the Siamese Court: Being Recollections of Six Years in the Royal Palace at Bangkok
Peter Ibbetson
Life in London : $b or, The pitfalls of a great city
A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents. Volume 8, part 2: Grover Cleveland
History of the English People, Volume II: The Charter, 1216-1307; The Parliament, 1307-1400
Dotty Dimple at Her Grandmother's
Clare Avery: A Story of the Spanish Armada
Père Antoine's Date-Palm
A History of the Four Georges, Volume I
Blue Bonnet in Boston; or, Boarding-School Days at Miss North's
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 7: W.R. Greg: A Sketch
The American Type of Isthmian Canal: Speech by Hon. John Fairfield Dryden in the Senate of the United States, June 14, 1906
The Associate Hermits
One Snowy Night: Long ago at Oxford
Studies in Contemporary Biography
Maids, Wives, and Bachelors
The Treaty With China, its Provisions Explained: New York Tribune, Tuesday, August 28, 1868
Wondrous Love, and other Gospel addresses
The Old Pincushion; or, Aunt Clotilda's Guests
Art in America: A Critical and Historial Sketch
In the Roar of the Sea
The Last Tenant
Notes on the Fenland; with A Description of the Shippea Man
Female Warriors, Vol. 2 (of 2): Memorials of Female Valour and Heroism, from the Mythological Ages to the Present Era.
For Faith and Freedom
Locke
Essays Upon Heredity and Kindred Biological Problems: Authorised Translation
A book of the west. Volume 1, Devon : $b being an introduction to Devon and Cornwall
The Lake-Dwellings of Europe: Being the Rhind Lectures in Archæology for 1888
Non-Criminal Prisons: English Debtor's Prisons and Prisons of War; French War Prisons; American War Prisons with References to Those of Other Lands
Dorothy South: A Love Story of Virginia Just Before the War
Italian Prisons: St. Angelo; the Piombi; the Vicaria; Prisons of the Roman Inquisition
The Life of Captain Sir Richard F. Burton, volume 2 (of 2): By His Wife, Isabel Burton
Victor Serenus: A Story of the Pauline Era
Latest Magic, Being original conjuring tricks
Aunt Jo's Scrap-Bag, Volume 3: Cupid and Chow-chow, etc.
In the Dead of Night: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
Tennyson
My Wayward Pardner; or, My Trials with Josiah, America, the Widow Bump, and Etcetery
Genevra; or, the history of a portrait: by an American lady. A resident of Washington City.
At the "Sign of the Golden Fleece" : $b A Story of Reformation Days
The lands of silence : $b A history of Arctic and Antarctic exploration
The young master of Hyson Hall
A bankrupt heart, Vol. 3 (of 3)
My Mark Twain (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Serapis — Volume 04
Successful Exploration Through the Interior of Australia: From Melbourne to the Gulf of Carpentaria
By Pike and Dyke: a Tale of the Rise of the Dutch Republic
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 7.
Quotes and Images From The Novels of Georg Ebers
The Roof of France; Or, the Causses of the Lozère
The Poetry Of Robert Browning
The Cuckoo Clock
Milly Darrell
Sketch of the Mythology of the North American Indians: First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1879-80, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1881, pages 17-56
Bluff Crag; or, A Good Word Costs Nothing
John Forster: By One of His Friends
Cast Away in the Cold: An Old Man's Story of a Young Man's Adventures, as Related by Captain John Hardy, Mariner
Little Grandfather
Scenes in the Hawaiian Islands and California
Social Rights And Duties: Addresses to Ethical Societies. Vol 1 [of 2]
How to Form a Library, 2nd ed
A Rose of a Hundred Leaves: A Love Story
Triumphs of Invention and Discovery in Art and Science
George Alfred Henty: The Story of an Active Life
Buzz a Buzz; Or, The Bees
The Ranche on the Oxhide: A Story of Boys' and Girls' Life on the Frontier
Prices of Books: An Inquiry into the Changes in the Price of Books which have occurred in England at different Periods
The Real Shelley. New Views of the Poet's Life. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Domitia
The History of the Confederate War, Its Causes and Its Conduct, Volume 2 (of 2): A Narrative and Critical History
Alice Wilde: The Raftsman's Daughter. A Forest Romance
What Happened at Quasi: The Story of a Carolina Cruise
Address delivered at the quarter-centennial celebration of the admission of Kansas as a state
Bob Burton; or, The Young Ranchman of the Missouri
Notes on the Floridian Peninsula; Its Literary History, Indian Tribes and Antiquities
The Horse's Friend: The Only Practical Method of Educating the Horse and Eradicating Vicious Habits; Followed by a Variety of Valuable Recipes, Instructions in Farriery, Horse-shoeing, the Latest Rules of Trotting, and the Record of Fast Horses Up to 1876
The Principles of the Art of Conversation
The Life and Works of Joseph Wright, A.R.A., commonly called "Wright of Derby"
The Ancient Volcanoes of Great Britain, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Discoveries of America to the Year 1525
Scarred Eagle; or, Moorooine, the sporting fawn. A story of lake and shore
An account of the principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia: with various political observations relating to them
An introduction to the study of fishes
Some Cities and San Francisco, and Resurgam
Colonel Starbottle's Client
A Thorny Path — Volume 06
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 2.
A Flock of Girls and Boys
The Golden Canyon
Five Happy Weeks
Critical Miscellanies, Vol. 1, Essay 5: Emerson
"All's Well"; or, Alice's Victory
The Silver Canyon: A Tale of the Western Plains
Which? Or, Between Two Women
The Twin Cousins
Seven Little People and their Friends
Vixen, Volume III.
The Stolen White Elephant
Hunting the Skipper: The Cruise of the "Seafowl" Sloop
Cruise of the Revenue-Steamer Corwin in Alaska and the N.W. Arctic Ocean in 1881: Botanical Notes: Notes and Memoranda: Medical and Anthropological; Botanical; Ornithological.
Little Miss Joy
Only a Girl: or, A Physician for the Soul.
Nurse Heatherdale's Story
In the Hands of the Malays, and Other Stories
Mushroom Culture: Its Extension and Improvement
The Scout and Ranger: Being the Personal Adventures of Corporal Pike of the Fourth Ohio cavalry
Seets i' Paris: Sammywell Grimes's trip with his old chum Billy Baccus, his opinion o' th' French, and th' French opinion o' th' exhibition he made ov hissen
Cremation of the Dead: Its History and Bearings Upon Public Health
The Black Galley
The Imperial Crown
The Czar: A tale of the Time of the First Napoleon
Joshua Marvel
The Mimic Stage: A Series of Dramas, Comedies, Burlesques, and Farces for Public Exhibitions and Private Theatricals
Tony the Tramp; Or, Right is Might
The Vicar of Morwenstow: Being a Life of Robert Stephen Hawker, M.A.
Mrs. Farrell
History of Central America, Volume 2, 1530-1800: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 7
Sink or Swim; or, Harry Raymond's Resolve
The Declaration of Independence: An Address
Baboe Dalima; or, The Opium Fiend
The Ancient Volcanoes of Great Britain, Volume 1 (of 2)
The World of Chance
Buddhism and Christianity: A Parallel and a Contrast
Condensed History of the Mexican War and Its Glorious Results
The Hampstead mystery: a novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
How we elected Lincoln : $b personal recollections of Lincoln and men of his time
Tales out of school
Snow-Bound at Eagle's
Fennel and Rue
The Renaissance: studies in art and poetry
Aesthetic Poetry
The Mysteries of Montreal: Being Recollections of a Female Physician
The Young Buglers
The Stories of the Three Burglars
Around the Tea-Table
Lays of ancient Virginia, and other poems
A Dark Month: From Swinburne's Collected Poetical Works Vol. V
Alexander Pope
Glyn Severn's Schooldays
Syd Belton: The Boy Who Would Not Go to Sea
Mademoiselle Olympe Zabriski
When Grandmamma Was New: The Story of a Virginia Childhood
Tom, The Bootblack; or, The Road to Success
Speeches of His Majesty Kamehameha IV. To the Hawaiian Legislature
Eyebright: A Story
The Young Adventurer; or, Tom's Trip Across the Plains
In Convent Walls: The Story of the Despensers
Blind Policy
Wake-Robin
The True Story of My Parliamentary Struggle
Neuralgia and the diseases that resemble it
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. 10 (of 12): Dresden Edition—Legal
Practical Boat-Sailing: A Concise and Simple Treatise
Aaron the Jew: A Novel
Tradition, Principally with Reference to Mythology and the Law of Nations
Hovey's Handbook of the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky: A Practical Guide to the Regulation Routes
The Story Teller of the Desert—"Backsheesh!": or, Life and Adventures in the Orient
The Causes of the Successes of the Ottoman Turks
The Duchess of Dublin: A Farce
The Duchess of Rosemary Lane: A Novel
Strong and Steady; Or, Paddle Your Own Canoe
The Architecture of Provence and the Riviera
Burmah and the Burmese
The higher education of women
Hunters three: Sport and adventure in South Africa
Seven daughters
The Man of Letters as a Man of Business
Poems: Patriotic, Religious, Miscellaneous
Voyage of the Paper Canoe: A Geographical Journey of 2500 Miles, from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico, During the Years 1874-5
The Life of William Carey, Shoemaker & Missionary
Mrs. Skagg's Husbands and Other Stories
Legends and Tales
The Kentons
Essays on Life, Art and Science
Driven Back to Eden
Serapis — Volume 05
Anne Bradstreet and Her Time
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 2.
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 8.
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 6.
My Boyhood
The Albany Depot : a Farce
East and West: Poems
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 2
The Last of the Foresters: Or, Humors on the Border; A story of the Old Virginia Frontier
English Men of Letters: Crabbe
Chateau and Country Life in France
Hayslope Grange: A Tale of the Civil War
To Win or to Die: A Tale of the Klondike Gold Craze
The Faith Doctor: A Story of New York
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 10: Auguste Comte
Among the Brigands
Hope Mills; Or, Between Friend and Sweetheart
The Scarlet Banner
Under the Mendips: A Tale
Valeria, the Martyr of the Catacombs: A Tale of Early Christian Life in Rome
A Hero of Ticonderoga
Mattie:—A Stray (Vol 3 of 3)
Vermont: A Study of Independence
Body, Parentage and Character in History: Notes on the Tudor Period
The Life of Lyman Trumbull
Life Gleanings
Jethro Wood, Inventor of the Modern Plow.: A Brief Account of His Life, Services, and Trials; Together with Facts Subsequent to his Death, and Incident to His Great Invention
Great Porter Square: A Mystery. v. 1
The Memorials of the Hamlet of Knightsbridge: with Notices of its Immediate Neighbourhood
The great diamond hoax : $b and other stirring incidents in the life of Asbury Harpending
Royal Winchester: Wanderings in and about the Ancient Capital of England
Queen Elizabeth
Andy Gordon; Or, The Fortunes of A Young Janitor
From Farm Boy to Senator: Being the History of the Boyhood and Manhood of Daniel Webster
To Herat and Cabul: A Story of the First Afghan War
Letters to a Friend, Written to Mrs. Ezra S. Carr, 1866-1879
In a Quiet Village
Tom Temple's Career
Unfailing Springs
Falling in with Fortune; Or, The Experiences of a Young Secretary
All But Lost: A Novel. Vol. 3 of 3
Samantha on the Race Problem
Anglo-American Memories
The Battle of Dorking
Samantha Among the Colored Folks: "My Ideas on the Race Problem"
The North-West Passage by land: Being the narrative of an expedition from the Atlantic to the Pacific, undertaken with the view of exploring a route across the continent to British Columbia through British territory, by one of the northern passes in the Rocky Mountains
Studies in jocular literature : $b A popular subject more closely considered
Tales of Trail and Town
Essays from 'The Guardian'
Afghanistan and the Anglo-Russian Dispute
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 6
The Gospel of Wealth
On the Indian Sect of the Jainas
Edwy the Fair or the First Chronicle of Aescendune: A Tale of the Days of Saint Dunstan
Sir Thomas Browne and his 'Religio Medici': An Appreciation
Dotty Dimple Out West
The Cornet of Horse: A Tale of Marlborough's Wars
General Scott
Little Sky-High; Or, The Surprising Doings of Washee-Washee-Wang
Dotty Dimple's Flyaway
Fitz the Filibuster
Our Soldier Boy
A History of the Four Georges and of William IV, Volume IV
St. Winifred's; or, The World of School
Bristol Bells: A Story of the Eighteenth Century
Bird Stories from Burroughs: Sketches of Bird Life Taken from the Works of John Burroughs
The Dakotan Languages, and Their Relations to Other Languages
The Cryptogram: A Novel
The Battle of Atlanta: and Other Campaigns, Addresses, Etc.
The Regular Brigade of the Fourteenth Army Corps, the Army of the Cumberland, in the Battle of Stone River, or Murfreesboro', Tennessee
Rural Wealth and Welfare: Economic Principles Illustrated and Applied in Farm Life
Was It Right to Forgive? A Domestic Romance
Magnhild; Dust
Charles Lyell and Modern Geology
A Selection from the Poems of William Morris
In the Hands of the Cave-Dwellers
Horse Stories, and Stories of Other Animals
On the Construction of a Silvered Glass Telescope: Fifteen and a half inches in aperture, and its use in celestial photography
John Herring: A West of England Romance. Volume 3 (of 3)
Cheap Jack Zita
Seedtime in Kashmir: A Memoir of William Jackson Elmslie
Blue-beard: A Contribution to History and Folk-lore: Being the history of Gilles de Retz of Brittany, France, who was executed at Nantes in 1440 A.D., and who was the original of Blue-beard in the tales of Mother Goose
The Boy Travellers in The Russian Empire: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey in European and Asiatic Russia, with Accounts of a Tour across Siberia, Voyages on the Amoor, Volga, and Other Rivers, a Visit to Central Asia, Travels among the Exiles, and a Historical Sketch of the Empire from Its Foundation to the Present Time
History of Botany (1530-1860)
Charley's Log: A Story of Schoolboy Life
A Speech on the Principles of Finance
A new Robinson Crusoe
The man with the iron mask
History for ready reference, Volumes 1 to 5
Heortology : $b A history of the Christian festivals from their origin to the present day
His darling sin
History of the United States of America, Volume 2 (of 9) : $b During the first administration of Thomas Jefferson
A book of the west. Volume 2, Cornwall : $b being an introduction to Devon and Cornwall
Findelkind
The Bell-Ringer of Angel's, and Other Stories
Flip: A California Romance
The Queen of the Pirate Isle
Australian Search Party
Mark Rutherford's Deliverance
Poems and Songs
Three Comedies
Through the Eye of the Needle: A Romance
Eve's Diary, Part 3
By England's Aid; Or, the Freeing of the Netherlands, 1585-1604
The Abolitionists: Together With Personal Memories Of The Struggle For Human Rights, 1830-1864
Confessions of Boyhood
Frank and Fearless; or, The Fortunes of Jasper Kent
At the Point of the Bayonet: A Tale of the Mahratta War
A Rivermouth Romance
Aunt Madge's Story
The Ministry of the Spirit
Scotch Loch-Fishing
Mark Mason's Victory
Sowing and Reaping
When Ghost Meets Ghost
A Struggle for Rome, v. 3
The Drama of Glass
The Eulogy of Richard Jefferies
The Master of Warlock: A Virginia War Story
Old Plantation Days: Being Recollections of Southern Life Before the Civil War
Report on the Radiolaria Collected by H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-1876, Plates: Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-76, Vol. XVIII
Marion Harland's Cookery for Beginners: A Series of Familiar Lessons for Young Housekeepers
Prisons Over Seas: Deportation and Colonization; British and American Prisons of To-day
Out for Business; or, Robert Frost's Strange Career
James Russell Lowell, A Biography; vol. 1/2
Westminster
Rules for a Dictionary Catalogue: U. S. Bureau of Education Special Report on Public Libraries—Part II, Third Edition
A Ride through Syria to Damascus and Baalbec, and ascent of Mount Hermon
Frances Mary Buss and her work for education
Prison Life in the Old Capitol and Reminiscences of the Civil War
Evil eye in the western Highlands
Text book of veterinary medicine, Volume 2 (of 5)
Text book of veterinary medicine, Volume 3 (of 5)
The inner life of Abraham Lincoln : $b Six months at the White House
First Across the Continent: The Story of the Exploring Expedition of Lewis and Clark in 1804-5-6
Imaginary Portraits
Clarence
The Parlor Car
The Historical Romances of Georg Ebers
Hygienic Physiology : with Special Reference to the Use of Alcoholic Drinks and Narcotics
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 3.
Legends of the Northwest
Birds of Prey
The Court of the Empress Josephine
Among the Trees at Elmridge
The Adventures of Captain Horn
Letters to "The Times" upon War and Neutrality (1881-1920)
Little Prudy's Dotty Dimple
The Secret of a Happy Home (1896)
The moon : $b a full description and map of its principal physical features
The Story of a Play: A Novel
The Black Bar
Marcus: the Young Centurion
The Lady of the Ice: A Novel
Our New Neighbors At Ponkapog
A History of the Four Georges, Volume II
Abijah's Bubble
Duffels
A Likely Story
The Squirrel Inn
The Daughter of the Storage: And Other Things in Prose and Verse
Analysis of Mr. Mill's System of Logic
Saga of Halfred the Sigskald: A Northern Tale of the Tenth Century
The Wood Fire in No. 3
Fairies Afield
Modern Leaders: Being a Series of Biographical Sketches
A Year in a Lancashire Garden: Second Edition
Legal Chemistry: A Guide to the Detection of Poisons, Examination of Tea, Stains, Etc., as Applied to Chemical Jurisprudence
Ulric the Jarl: A Story of the Penitent Thief
Sir Charles Napier
The Country of the Dwarfs
By Far Euphrates: A Tale
Geology and Revelation: or, the Ancient History of the Earth, considered in the geological facts and revealed religion.
Maxims and Instructions for the Boiler Room: Useful to Engineers, Firemen & Mechanics; Relating to Steam Generators, Pumps, Appliances, Steam Heating, Practical Plumbing, etc.
Intermere
Stop! A Handy Monitor, Pocket Conscience and Portable Guardian against the World, the Flesh and the Devil
The Boy Travellers in the Far East, Part Fifth: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey through Africa
Landscape in History, and Other Essays
Pictures of the Socialistic Future: (freely adapted from Bebel)
The Evolution of Marriage and of the Family
An open verdict : $b a novel, volume 2 (of 3)
A Psychological Counter-Current in Recent Fiction
Chastelard, a Tragedy
A First Year in Canterbury Settlement
The Register
The Story of My Life — Volume 01
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 2, Part 4
Uncle Robert's Geography (Uncle Robert's Visit, V.3)
The Evolution of Man — Volume 2
In Times of Peril: A Tale of India
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 4.
Songs of Two Nations
Modern Italian Poets; Essays and Versions
Life on the Mississippi, Part 7.
Joe's Luck; Or, Always Wide Awake
Scottish sketches
A History of Lumsden's Battery, C.S.A.
The Lily and the Cross: A Tale of Acadia
Last Days of the Rebellion: The Second New York Cavalry (Harris' Light) at Appomattox Station and Appomattox Court House, April 8 and 9, 1865
To The Work! To The Work! Exhortations to Christians
Sweet Mace: A Sussex Legend of the Iron Times
Jessamine: A Novel
Descriptive Zoopraxography; or, the science of animal locomotion made popular
The Orange Girl
Principles of Political Economy
Philippa
Their Majesties as I Knew Them: Personal Reminiscences of the Kings and Queens of Europe
Fragments of Earth Lore: Sketches & Addresses Geological and Geographical
Perpetua. A Tale of Nimes in A.D. 213
The Pennycomequicks, Volume 3 (of 3)
Summer Days
Princess Napraxine, Volume 1 (of 3)
History of the Scottish expedition to Norway in 1612
The inner house
Creation of the Teton Landscape: The Geologic Story of Grand Teton National Park
The Merman and the Figure-Head
The Boy Travellers in the Far East, Part Second: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to Siam and Java; With Descriptions of Cochin-China, Cambodia, Sumatra and the Malay Archipelago
The Maryland Line in the Confederate States Army.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Robert G. Ingersoll
New Bed-Time Stories
Wrecked in Port: A Novel
King Mombo
A Book of Medical Discourses, in Two Parts
History for ready reference, Volume 4, Nicæa to Tunis
The attaché at Peking
Fanciful tales
An altruist
The Sisters' Tragedy, with Other Poems, Lyrical and Dramatic
Henry James, Jr.
Wyndham Towers
Urban Sketches
A First Family of Tasajara
St. Elmo
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Complete
The Prince and the Pauper, Part 9.
Colonel Thorndyke's Secret
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 1
Heroes of the Great Conflict; Life and Services of William Farrar: Smith, Major General, United States Volunteer in the Civil War
Yorkshire Tales. Third Series: Amusing sketches of Yorkshire Life in the Yorkshire Dialect
Erechtheus: A Tragedy (New Edition)
Cormorant Crag: A Tale of the Smuggling Days
In Honour's Cause: A Tale of the Days of George the First
Vegetable Teratology: An Account of the Principal Deviations from the Usual Construction of Plants
The Dark House: A Knot Unravelled
Joyce Morrell's Harvest: The Annals of Selwick Hall
The Erie Train Boy
Village Improvements and Farm Villages
Nothing to Say: A Slight Slap at Mobocratic Snobbery, Which Has 'Nothing to Do' with 'Nothing to Wear'
The Arawack Language of Guiana in its Linguistic and Ethnological Relations
Seven Frozen Sailors
Camping & Tramping with Roosevelt
Wait and Hope; Or, A Plucky Boy's Luck
Barbarossa, and Other Tales
Shakespeare's England
Historical Romance of the American Negro
The Childhood of Distinguished Women
Diary of an Enlisted Man
The Wreck of the Red Bird: A Story of the Carolina Coast
Nestleton Magna: A Story of Yorkshire Methodism
The Spanish Brothers: A Tale of the Sixteenth Century
The Lost Army
Studies in the Theory of Descent, Volume I
A Soldier's Daughter, and Other Stories
The Young Vigilantes: A Story of California Life in the Fifties
Wanda, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Adventures of a Telegraph Boy; or, "Number 91"
Julius, the Street Boy; or, Out West
A Book of the Cevennes
Luck and Pluck; or, John Oakley's Inheritance
The Boys of Grand Pré School: Illustrated
Frank Hunter's Peril
Aunt Jo's Scrap-Bag, Volume 4: My Girls, etc.
Homes of the London Poor
Religions of Primitive Peoples
The ecclesiastical architecture of Scotland from the earliest Christian times to the seventeenth century; vol. 1/3
The Strange Friend of Tito Gil
A lecture by Victoria Claflin Woodhull ...: The review of a century; or, the fruit of five thousand years
Good citizenship
The Swiss Republic
Prentice Mulford's story: life by land and sea
Venice : $b The queen of the Adriatic
The Revelation of St. John the Divine : $b An interpretation
History of the United States of America, Volume 7 (of 9) : $b During the second administration of James Madison
The birds of Shakespeare
Locrine: A Tragedy
On a Dynamical Top, for exhibiting the phenomena of the motion of a system of invariable form about a fixed point, with some suggestions as to the Earth's motion
An Original Belle
Station Amusements in New Zealand
The romance of Isabel Lady Burton : $b The story of her life. Volume II
A Grandmother's Recollections
Camp-Fire and Cotton-Field: Southern Adventure in Time of War.: Life with the Union Armies, and Residence on a Louisiana Plantation
One of the 28th: A Tale of Waterloo
Salomy Jane
The Feast of the Virgins and Other Poems
The Power of Womanhood, or Mothers and Sons: A Book For Parents, And Those In Loco Parentis
The Leading Facts of English History
Yorkshire Ditties, First Series: To Which Is Added The Cream Of Wit And Humour From His Popular Writings
The Path of Duty, and Other Stories
A Midsummer Holiday and Other Poems
Queer Stories for Boys and Girls
Critical Miscellanies, Vol. 1, Essay 2: Carlyle
A Dash from Diamond City
The Crystal Hunters: A Boy's Adventures in the Higher Alps
Stories of New Jersey
It Might Have Been: The Story of the Gunpowder Plot
Great Uncle Hoot-Toot
Four Ghost Stories
Camilla: A Tale of a Violin: Being the Artist Life of Camilla Urso
In Paradise: A Novel. Vol. II
John Marchmont's Legacy, Volume 1 (of 3)
Dorothy's Double. Volume 1 (of 3)
The Curse of Carne's Hold: A Tale of Adventure
The White Virgin
This Man's Wife
Mediæval London
Horses Past and Present
Some Notes on Early Woodcut Books, with a Chapter on Illuminated Manuscripts
Aurora Floyd, Vol. 3: Fifth Edition
Last Verses
William Cobbett: A Biography in Two Volumes, Vol. 1
A Confession of St. Augustine
Hours in a Library, Volume 3: New Edition, with Additions
Ely's Automatic Housemaid
Brother Jonathan
Why not? A book for every woman
Drinks of the World
The farmstead: The making of the rural home and the lay-out of the farm: (5th edition)
Life of Beethoven
Ran away from the Dutch : $b Or, Borneo from South to North
Ninon de l'Enclos and her century
History of the United States of America, Volume 3 (of 9) : $b During the second administration of Thomas Jefferson
History of the United States of America, Volume 6 (of 9) : $b During the first administration of James Madison
Dora Thorne
Openings in the Old Trail
Sally Dows
Homo Sum — Volume 05
The Young Musician; Or, Fighting His Way
Walter Sherwood's Probation
Pages from a Journal with Other Papers
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Part 9.
Eve's Diary, Part 2
Biography of a Slave, Being the Experiences of Rev. Charles Thompson, a Preacher of the United Brethren Church, While a Slave in the South.: Together with Startling Occurrences Incidental to Slave Life.
The Standard Operas: Their Plots, Their Music, and Their Composers: (12th edition)
Insights and Heresies Pertaining to the Evolution of the Soul
A Pair of Patient Lovers
A Fearful Responsibility and Other Stories
The Black Tor: A Tale of the Reign of James the First
Forty-Six Years in the Army
History of the English People, Volume VI: Puritan England, 1642-1660; The Revolution, 1660-1683
Daughters of the Puritans: A Group of Brief Biographies
Autobiography of Frank G. Allen, Minister of the Gospel: and Selections from his Writings
A Successful Shadow; Or, A Detective's Successful Quest
The Trial and Execution, for Petit Treason, of Mark and Phillis, Slaves of Capt. John Codman: Who Murdered Their Master at Charlestown, Mass., in 1755; for Which the Man Was Hanged and Gibbeted, and the Woman Was Burned to Death. Including, Also, Some Account of Other Punishments by Burning in Massachusetts
A Tour of the Missions: Observations and Conclusions
Miss Grantley's Girls, and the Stories She Told Them
Two Arrows: A Story of Red and White
Kristy's Rainy Day Picnic
Miss Mouse and Her Boys
The Christian Church in These Islands before the Coming of Augustine: Three Lectures Delivered at St. Paul's in January 1894
Love Works Wonders: A Novel
The Master of the Ceremonies
The Alpine Fay: A Romance
George Sand
The Vulture Maiden [Die Geier-Wally.]
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Genesis
Mortomley's Estate: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
A Counterfeit Presentment; and, The Parlour Car
My Pretty Scrap-Book: Picture Pages and Pleasant Stories for Little Readers
Then and Now; or, Thirty-Six Years in the Rockies: Personal Reminiscences of Some of the First Pioneers of the State of Montana
Cawnpore
Dean Dunham; Or, the Waterford Mystery
Through Spain to the Sahara
The Young Book Agent; or, Frank Hardy's Road to Success
Light and Colour Theories, and their relation to light and colour standardization
Pumps and Hydraulics, Part 2 (of 2)
Westover of Wanalah: A story of love and life in Old Virginia
The Constitutional Amendment: or, The Sunday, the Sabbath, the Change, and Restitution: A discussion between W. H. Littlejohn, Seventh-day Adventist, and the editor of the Christian Statesman
Old Chelsea: A Summer-Day's Stroll
Samantha on Children's Rights
Life of Haydn
The moral pirates
The island of anarchy: A fragment of history in the 20th century
Is it I? A book for every man.
Robespierre : $b the story of Victorien Sardou's play adapted and novelized under his authority
Mabel Wynn : $b or, "Those boys"
A bankrupt heart, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The White Mr. Longfellow (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Verses
The Happy Days of the Empress Marie Louise
In the Heart of the Rockies: A Story of Adventure in Colorado
Run to Earth: A Novel
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 3
One of Life's Slaves
Water Baptism: A Pagan and Jewish Rite but not Christian, Proven by Scripture and History Confirmed by the Lives of Saints Who Were Never Baptized with Water
Songs of the Springtides and Birthday Ode: Taken from The Collected Poetical Works of Algernon Charles; Swinburne—Vol. III
The Coast of Bohemia
The Young Bank Messenger
The Masters and Their Music: A series of illustrative programs with biographical,; esthetical, and critical annotations
Vixen, Volume I.
A Cousin's Conspiracy; Or, A Boy's Struggle for an Inheritance
Daisy's Necklace, and What Came of It
Burgoyne's Invasion of 1777: With an outline sketch of the American Invasion of Canada, 1775-76.
Household Organization
The Judicial Murder of Mary E. Surratt
The Philosophic Grammar of American Languages, as Set Forth by Wilhelm von Humboldt: With the Translation of an Unpublished Memoir by Him on the American Verb
The Green Casket, and other stories
Plish and Plum
The House That Grew
The Science of Animal Locomotion (Zoopraxography): An Electro-Photographic Investigation of Consecutive Phases of Animal Movements
First Impressions on a Tour upon the Continent: In the summer of 1818 through parts of France, Italy, Switzerland, the borders of Germany, and a part of French Flanders
King Arthur in Cornwall
The Shadow of a Sin
A Little Girl in Old San Francisco
Theism; being the Baird Lecture of 1876
Chronicles of Newgate, Vol. 1: From the twelfth to the eighteenth century
Man and the Glacial Period
At the Sign of the Silver Flagon
First Lessons in Natural Philosophy for Beginners
Red Spider, Volume 1 (of 2)
Treasure of the Seas: Illustrated
Silanus the Christian
Pickett or Pettigrew? An Historical Essay
Diamonds
Footprints of Famous Men: Designed as Incitements to Intellectual Industry
A History of England, Period I. Mediæval Monarchy
Lectures on the Principles of Political Obligation: Reprinted from Green's Philosophical Works, vol. II., with Preface by Bernard Bosanquet
Preacher and Prayer
Sir Henry Irving—A Record of Over Twenty Years at the Lyceum
New Century Speaker and Writer: Being a Standard Work on Composition and Oratory
The Origin of Property in Land: With an introductory chapter on the English manor by W. J. Ashley
The Vailan or annular theory: A synopsis of Prof. I. N. Vail's argument in support of the claim that this Earth once possessed a Saturn-like system of rings
Kaffir folk-lore : $b A selection from the traditional tales current among the people living on the eastern border of the Cape Colony with copious explanatory notes
Enoch Crane
A Millionaire of Rough-and-Ready
The Argonauts of North Liberty
Dr. Breen's Practice
Literary Boston as I Knew It (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
The Elevator
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 05
The Young Explorer; Or, Claiming His Fortune
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 04
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 7
A Biography of Edmund Spenser
The Under Dog
Thomas Carlyle
A Desperate Chance; Or, The Wizard Tramp's Revelation, a Thrilling Narrative
Little Folks Astray
A Gentleman Vagabond and Some Others
New National Fourth Reader
The Fatal Glove
Critical Miscellanies (Vol 2 of 3), Essay 1: Vauvenargues
Professor Royce's Libel: A Public Appeal for Redress to the Corporation and Overseers of Harvard University
The Lost Middy: Being the Secret of the Smugglers' Gap
Lines in Pleasant Places: Being the Aftermath of an Old Angler
Prisoners of Poverty Abroad
The Hunter Cats of Connorloa
Robert Coverdale's Struggle
Little Meg's Children
Reminiscences of Service with the First Volunteer Regiment of Georgia, Charleston Harbor, in 1863: An address delivered before the Georgia Historical Society, March 3, 1879
Hermann: A Novel
Notes on Old Edinburgh
Great Porter Square: A Mystery. v. 2
The Life of William Ewart Gladstone: Index
Human Intercourse
The Twin Ventriloquists; or, Nimble Ike and Jack the Juggler: A Tale of Strategy and Jugglery
A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg
The Grim House
Report on the Radiolaria Collected by H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-1876, Second Part: Subclass Osculosa; Index: Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger During the Years 1873-76, Vol. XVIII
Patrañas; or, Spanish Stories, Legendary and Traditional
Battles of English History
Essays in Librarianship and Bibliography
Red Spider, Volume 2 (of 2)
Under Lock and Key: A Story. Volume 1 (of 3)
Mediæval London, Volume 2: Ecclesiastical
Autobiography of Mother Jones
The Cruise of the Royal Mail Steamer Dunottar Castle Round Scotland on Her Trial Trip
Reminiscences of the Civil War, 1861-1865
French & English : $b A comparison
Tokology : $b A book for every woman
A Provence rose
Rosamund, Queen of the Lombards: A Tragedy
A Waif of the Plains
The Recollections of Geoffrey Hamlyn
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 06
Fra Bartolommeo
With Buller in Natal, Or, a Born Leader
Samuel Johnson
Adopting an Abandoned Farm
Bundling; Its Origin, Progress and Decline in America
Exposition of the Apostles' Creed
Men of the Bible; Some Lesser-Known Characters
Inez: A Tale of the Alamo
Poems and Ballads (Third Series): Taken from The Collected Poetical Works of Algernon Charles; Swinburne—Vol. III
Critical Miscellanies, Vol. 1 (of 3), Essay 4: Macaulay
Gil the Gunner: The Youngest Officer in the East
The Powder Monkey
For Name and Fame; Or, Through Afghan Passes
The Village Pulpit, Volume II. Trinity to Advent: A Complete Course of 66 Short Sermons, or Full Sermon Outlines for Each Sunday, and Some Chief Holy Days of the Christian Year
The Flight of Pony Baker: A Boy's Town Story
A Struggle For Life
Captain Horace
Union and Communion; or, Thoughts on the Song of Solomon
Old Familiar Faces
That Gospel Sermon on the Blessed Hope
Fairy Book
Evening Dress: Farce
Ball's Bluff: An Episode and Its Consequences to Some of Us
A Struggle for Rome, v. 2
A Charming Fellow, Volume II
Old Kensington
Playing With Fire
The Ancient Phonetic Alphabet of Yucatan
The Man with the Pan-Pipes, and Other Stories
Letters of a Diplomat's Wife, 1883-1900
Bell's Cathedrals: The Church of St. Martin, Canterbury: An Illustrated Account of its History and Fabric
William E. Burton: Actor, Author, and Manager: A Sketch of his Career with Recollections of his Performances
Mirk Abbey, Volume 2 (of 3)
Gentlemen of the Jury: A Farce
Princess Napraxine, Volume 2 (of 3)
The Great Musicians: Purcell
Evelyn Byrd
The Boston Dip: A Comedy, in One Act
In Search of Treasure
Sir Rowland Hill: The Story of a Great Reform
Silverspur; or, The Mountain Heroine: A Tale of the Arapaho Country
Victor Hugo
The "Twenty-Seventh": A Regimental History
Hunting Indians in a Taxi-Cab
A gypsy against her will : $b or, Worth her weight in gold
Drift from Two Shores
A Phyllis of the Sierras
L'Abbe Constantin — Complete
The Tides of Barnegat
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 2, Part 6
Widger's Quotes and Images from Zibeline by Phillipe de Massa: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
An Algonquin Maiden: A Romance of the Early Days of Upper Canada
Sermons at Rugby
The Christmas Child
The Maidens' Lodge; or, None of Self and All of Thee: (In the Reign of Queen Anne)
Patience Wins: War in the Works
Trapped by Malays: A Tale of Bayonet and Kris
The Dictator
A Ribband of Blue, and Other Bible Studies
Earl Hubert's Daughter: The Polishing of the Pearl - A Tale of the 13th Century
Boy Life: Stories and Readings Selected From The Works of William Dean Howells
Piracy off the Florida Coast and Elsewhere
Fix Bay'nets: The Regiment in the Hills
Hetty's Strange History
The New Mistress: A Tale
A Defence of the Hessians
Four Phases of Love
A Double Knot
Tales of the Wonder Club, Volume II
That Unfortunate Marriage, Vol. 1
That Unfortunate Marriage, Vol. 3
The Heritage of the Kurts, Volume 2 (of 2)
Doesticks: What He Says
British Political Leaders
Watson Refuted: Being an Answer to the Apology for the Bible, in a Series of Letters to the Bishop Of Llandaff
The Stones of Paris in History and Letters, Volume 2 (of 2)
Samuel Boyd of Catchpole Square: A Mystery
Cressy and Poictiers: The Story of the Black Prince's Page
A History of England, Period III. Constitutional Monarchy
Mirk Abbey, Volume 3 (of 3)
Barracks, Bivouacs and Battles
Doctor Papa
Notes on Railroad Accidents
Millbank Penitentiary: An Experiment in Reformation
The Art of Being Bored: A Comedy in Three Acts
Jessie Trim
The son of Don Juan: an original drama in 3 acts inspired by the reading of Ibsen's work entitled 'Gengangere'
Josiah's Alarm, and Abel Perry's Funeral
The Land of Desolation: Being a Personal Narrative of Observation and Adventure in Greenland
Arnold of Winkelried, the Hero of Sempach
Good Form and Christian Etiquette
Honor Bright: A Story of the Days of King Charles
The Origin, Tendencies and Principles of Government: A review of the rise and fall of nations from early historic time to the present; with special considerations regarding the future of the United States as the representative government of the world and the form of administration which will secure this consummation. Also, papers on human equality, as represented by labor and its representative, money; and the meaning and significance of life from a scientific standpoint, with its prophecies for the great future.
The golden story book
Garment cutting in the twentieth century : $b Consisting of a series of articles on garment cutting and making
Life and bloody career of the executed criminal, James Copeland, the great Southern land pirate
A Face Illumined
Winter Sunshine
State of the Union Addresses
The Emperor — Volume 02
Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World. Part 5
Sketches New and Old, Part 2.
Schwatka's Search: Sledging in the Arctic in Quest of the Franklin Records
Widger's Quotes and Images from Conscience by Hector Malot: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Life on the Mississippi, Part 12.
Social Pictorial Satire
Bowdoin Boys in Labrador: An Account of the Bowdoin College Scientific Expedition to Labrador led by Prof. Leslie A. Lee of the Biological Department
The Yankee Tea-party; Or, Boston in 1773
Historic Tales: The Romance of Reality. Vol. 01 (of 15), American (1)
Confession and Absolution
The Rajah of Dah
Yussuf the Guide; Or, the Mountain Bandits: Being a Story of Strange Adventure in Asia Minor
The Denver Express: From "Belgravia" for January, 1884
Quite So
Fiddles: 1909
In a new world : $b or, Among the gold-fields of Australia
Frontier service during the rebellion: or, A history of Company K, First Infantry, California Volunteers
Life and Literature: Over two thousand extracts from ancient and modern writers,; and classified in alphabetical order
Mrs. Cliff's Yacht
A Divided Heart and Other Stories
The Khedive's Country
The Bridling of Pegasus: Prose Papers on Poetry
Dorothy's Double. Volume 3 (of 3)
The Hour Will Come: A Tale of an Alpine Cloister. Volumes I and II
Lettice
The Pennycomequicks, Volume 2 (of 3)
After Taps
A Mysterious Disappearance: A Farce
Personal record of the Thirteenth Regiment, Tennessee Infantry
Princess Napraxine, Volume 3 (of 3)
Mr. Blake's Walking-Stick: A Christmas Story for Boys and Girls
The Nine of Hearts: A Novel
A Fair Jewess
Virgin Saints and Martyrs
Urith: A Tale of Dartmoor
Ralph Raymond's Heir
The "B. O. W. C.": A Book For Boys: Illustrated
A Son of Mars, volume 2
The Queer Folk of Fife: Tales from the Kingdom
The Rock Ahead: A Novel. (Vol. 2)
The Impending Sword: A Novel (Vol. 3 of 3)
Luxurious Bathing
In exitu Israel : $b an historical novel, volume 1 (of 2)
Freedom! Equality!! Justice!!! These Three; but the Greatest of These Is Justice: A Speech on the Impending Revolution, Delivered in Music Hall, Boston, Thursday, Feb. 1, 1872, and the Academy of Music, New York, Feb. 20, 1872
The Antelope Boy; or, Smoholler the Medicine Man: A Tale of Indian Adventure and Mystery
Nimble Ike, the Trick Ventriloquist: A Rousing Tale of Fun and Frolic
Brave Bessie Westland : $b A story of Quaker persecution
The romance of Isabel Lady Burton : $b The story of her life. Volume I
History of the United States of America, Volume 4 (of 9) : $b During the second administration of Thomas Jefferson
The Chignecto Isthmus and Its First Settlers
Rudder Grange
Susy, a Story of the Plains
On the Frontier
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 03
The Queen of Sheba, and My Cousin the Colonel
The Maid of Maiden Lane
The Great Stone of Sardis
The Intellectual Development of the Canadian People: An Historical Review
Lectures of Col. R. G. Ingersoll, Volume I: Including His Answers to the Clergy, His Oration at His Brother's Grave, Etc., Etc.
The Young Trail Hunters: Or, the Wild Riders of the Plains. The Veritable Adventures of Hal Hyde and Ned Brown, on Their Journey Across the Great Plains of the South-West
Risen from the Ranks; Or, Harry Walton's Success
Rome in 1860
Sonnets, and Sonnets on English Dramatic Poets (1590-1650): Taken from The Collected Poetical Works of Algernon Charles; Swinburne, Vol V.
Crowded Out o' Crofield; or, The Boy who made his Way
Buying a Horse
A History of the Four Georges and of William IV, Volume III
A Gentleman's Gentleman: 1909
Dotty Dimple At Home
History of the English People, Index
My New Home
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 1: On Popular Culture
Hours in a Library, Volume 2: New Edition, with Additions
A Flight in Spring: In the car Lucania from New York to the Pacific coast and back, during April and May, 1898
King of the Castle
A Charming Fellow, Volume I
An Oration on the Life and Services of Thomas Paine
The Third Miss St Quentin
Thorpe Regis
The Swing of the Pendulum
Noémi
Recollections of a Confederate Staff Officer
Notes on the Mangue: An Extinct Dialect Formerly Spoken in Nicaragua
The Life of Henry Bradley Plant: Founder and President of the Plant System of Railroads and Steamships and Also of the Southern Express Company
Red Cloud, the Solitary Sioux: A Story of the Great Prairie
Betsey Bobbett: A Drama
The Struggle for Imperial Unity: Recollections & Experiences
Some Artists at the Fair
History of Central America, Volume 3, 1801-1887: The Works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, Volume 8
Disappeared From Her Home: A Novel
The Pinafore Picture Book: the Story of H.M.S. Pinafore
Woman; Her Position and Influence in Ancient Greece and Rome, and Among the Early Christians
The honey-bee: its nature, homes and products
Life of Liszt
The life and times of John Kelly, tribune of the people
Bunyan Characters (3rd Series)
The Sleeping-Car: A Farce
Two Men of Sandy Bar: A Drama
Jeff Briggs's Love Story
Round the World
Woman on the American Frontier: A Valuable and Authentic History of the Heroism, Adventures, Privations, Captivities, Trials, and Noble Lives and Deaths of the "Pioneer Mothers of the Republic"
Neville Trueman, the Pioneer Preacher : a tale of the war of 1812
A Tale of One City: the New Birmingham: Papers Reprinted from the "Midland Counties Herald"
Fishin' Jimmy
Clara A. Swain, M.D.
Yorkshire Ditties, Second Series: To which is added The Cream of Wit and Humour; from his Popular Writings
Lucy Raymond; Or, The Children's Watchword
Orange and Green: A Tale of the Boyne and Limerick
Studies in Song, A Century of Roundels, Sonnets on English Dramatic Poets, The Heptalogia, Etc.: From Swinburne's Poems Volume V.
Cad Metti, The Female Detective Strategist; Or, Dudie Dunne Again in the Field
Twenty Years of Congress, Vol. 1: From Lincoln to Garfield, with a Review of the Events Which Led to the Political Revolution of 1860
Menhardoc
Rob Harlow's Adventures: A Story of the Grand Chaco
Steve Young
The King's Daughters
Jack at Sea: All Work and No Play Made Him a Dull Boy
A List To Starboard: 1909
Broken Bread, from an Evangelist's Wallet
That scholarship boy
The Tin Box, and What it Contained
Three Unpublished Poems
The Dead Lake, and Other Tales
Mohawks: A Novel. Volume 1 of 3
Great Porter Square: A Mystery. v. 3
The Wood-Pigeons and Mary
Blade-O'-Grass. Golden Grain. and Bread and Cheese and Kisses.
The Betrayal of John Fordham
London's Heart: A Novel
Studies in the Theory of Descent, Volume II
Little Pitchers: Flaxie Frizzle Stories
Victoria C. Woodhull: A Biographical Sketch
The Deaf Shoemaker: To Which Are Added Other Stories for the Young
"Mormon" Doctrine Plain and Simple; Or, Leaves from the Tree of Life
Poems of Giosuè Carducci, Translated with two introductory essays:: I. Giosuè Carducci and the Hellenic reaction in Italy. II. Carducci and the classic realism
Original Plays [First Series]
Mushroom and Toadstools: How to Distinguish Easily the Differences Between Edible and Poisonous Fungi
A Class-Book of Old Testament History
Deep Waters; Or, A Strange Story
The Hampstead mystery: a novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
The life-story of Charlotte de la Trémoille, Countess of Derby
Frances Waldeaux: A Novel
A Ward of the Golden Gate
The Crusade of the Excelsior
The Pilgrims of Hope and Chants for Socialists
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 05
Life in the Grey Nunnery at Montreal: An Authentic Narrative of the Horrors, Mysteries, and Cruelties of Convent Life
A Knight of the Nineteenth Century
The Evolution of Man — Volume 1
The Hallam Succession
Authors and Friends
The second William Penn : $b a true account of incidents that happened along the old Sante Fe trail in the sixties
The Late Mrs. Null
The Girl at Cobhurst
The History of Puerto Rico: From the Spanish Discovery to the American Occupation
The Last Leaf: Observations, during Seventy-Five Years, of Men and Events in America and Europe
As We Are and As We May Be
Addresses by the Right Reverend Phillips Brooks
Walter Harland: Or, Memories of the Past
Fern's Hollow
Studies in Song
Carry's Rose; or, the Magic of Kindness. A Tale for the Young
The Life, Public Services and Select Speeches of Rutherford B. Hayes
The Little Violinist
The Dingo Boys: The Squatters of Wallaby Range
A Terrible Coward
Shadows of Shasta
For the Master's Sake: A Story of the Days of Queen Mary
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 2 of 3), Essay 4: Joseph de Maistre
Robin Tremayne: A Story of the Marian Persecution
American Languages, and Why We Should Study Them
Real Gold: A Story of Adventure
By Birth a Lady
Riven Bonds.  Vol. II.: A Novel, in Two Volumes
The Brothers' War
English Society
Miser Farebrother: A Novel (vol. 2 of 3)
Mount Royal: A Novel. Volume 2 of 3
Toilers of Babylon: A Novel
Silverthorns
The Little Old Portrait
Psycho Vox; or, The Emerson System of Voice Culture
Forty Years at El Paso, 1858-1898
Othmar
Helen Ford
Conscience and Sin: Daily Meditations for Lent, Including Week-days and Sundays
The state of the dead and the destiny of the wicked
Memoirs of Mistral
Presidential Problems
The Organisation of the Royal Naval Artillery Volunteers Explained
Travels Amongst American Indians, Their Ancient Earthworks and Temples: Including a Journey in Guatemala, Mexico and Yucatan, and a Visit to the Ruins of Patinamit, Utatlan, Palenque and Uxmal
A Blockaded Family: Life in Southern Alabama during the Civil War
Ten Years in Washington: or, Inside Life and Scenes in Our National Capital as a Woman Sees Them ... to Which Is Added a Full Account of the Life and Death of President James A. Garfield
Mozart
Nineteen hundred? A forecast and a story
Margret Howth: A Story of To-day
Found at Blazing Star
The Emperor — Volume 06
A Thorny Path — Volume 09
A Thorny Path — Volume 12
Four Months in a Sneak-Box: A Boat Voyage of 2600 Miles Down the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers, and Along the Gulf of Mexico
The Innocents Abroad — Volume 03
School History of North Carolina : from 1584 to the present time
The Earth Trembled
A Knight of the Nets
Indian speeches (1907-1909)
Fenton's Quest
A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents. Volume 9, part 1: Benjamin Harrison
The House of Walderne: A Tale of the Cloister and the Forest in the Days of the Barons' Wars
Normandy Picturesque
Captain Mansana & Mother's Hands
Old Gold: The Cruise of the "Jason" Brig
A Brace Of Boys: 1867, From "Little Brother"
The Little Gray Lady: 1909
History of the English People, Volume VII: The Revolution, 1683-1760; Modern England, 1760-1767
Vixen, Volume II.
The Historical Novels of Georg Ebers: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Little Schoolmaster Mark: A Spiritual Romance
Partners: A Novel.
The attitudes of animals in motion, illustrated with the zoopraxiscope
The Pre-Columbian Discovery of America by the Northmen: Illustrated by Translations from Icelandic Sagas
Imogen; Or, Only Eighteen
An Interloper
With Rod and Line in Colorado Waters
The Cause of the Charge of Balaclava
Ned, the son of Webb: What he did.
Personal Reminiscences of the War of 1861-5: In Camp—en Bivouac—on the March—on Picket—on the Skirmish Line—on the Battlefield—and in Prison
Strange Survivals: Some Chapters in the History of Man
Wanda, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Campaigns of the 124th Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with Roster and Roll of Honor
Report of the Committee of Fifteen: Read at the Cleveland Meeting of the Department of Superintendence, February 19-21, 1884, with the Debate
The War and the Gospel: Sermons and Addresses During the Present War
Picked up Adrift: Illustrated
Blue Jackets; or, The Adventures of J. Thompson, A.B., Among "the Heathen Chinee": A Nautical Novel
The Life of David Belasco; Vol. 2
Soil and Water Pollution : Presented to the American Public Health Association at New Orleans, Dec. 1880
The corsair; a romantic legend of Hell Gate: illustrating the beauty of innocence. Date of the action: Midsummer, 1627
Mind and Hand: Manual Training the Chief Factor in Education
The Autobiography of Mark Rutherford, Edited by his friend Reuben Shapcott
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 1: Essays, Sketches, and Letters
Cambridge Pieces
Their Wedding Journey
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Volume 4
Taken Alive
A Thorny Path — Volume 02
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 07
Rosy
Brought Home
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 4
Dotty Dimple at Play
Alfgar the Dane or the Second Chronicle of Aescendune: A Tale of the Days of Edmund Ironside
If Not Silver, What?
Oh Little Town of Bethlehem
Mother Carey's Chicken: Her Voyage to the Unknown Isle
Slavery and four years of war : $b a political history of slavery in the United States, together with a narrative of the campaigns and battles of the Civil War in which the author took part, 1861-1865. Vols. 1-2
Pickwickian Studies
Out in the Forty-Five: Duncan Keith's Vow
A Danish Parsonage
The Mynns' Mystery
Vineta, the Phantom City
Some Objections To Socialism: From "The Atheistic Platform", Twelve Lectures
The Influence of the Organ in History: Inaugural Lecture of the Department of the Organ in the College of Music of Boston University
By the Sea, and Other Verses
Memlinc
Arius the Libyan: A Romance of the Primitive Church
Two Studios
Reminiscences of the Guilford Grays, Co. B., 27th N.C. Regiment
The vale of Lyvennet : $b its picturesque peeps and legendary lore
The Shakespeare Myth
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 03 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
The Taking of Louisburg, 1745
All But Lost: A Novel. Vol. 1 of 3
All But Lost: A Novel. Vol. 2 of 3
The Book of Love
The Boy Travellers in the Far East, Part Fourth: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey to Egypt and the Holy Land
Josiah Allen on the Woman Question
The Rock Ahead: A Novel. (Vol. 1)
No. XIII; or, The Story of the Lost Vestal
Darwinism.  The Noachian Flood: A lecture delivered before the Torquay Natural History Society, Jan. 31st, 1870
The evolution of general ideas
The story of a border city during the Civil War
A moment of madness, and other stories (vol. 3 of 3)
History for ready reference, Volume 7 : $b Recent history (1901 to 1910)
Condensed Novels
Cressy
Chants for Socialists
The Landlord at Lion's Head — Volume 1
My Literary Passions
Ragged Lady — Volume 2
The Emperor — Volume 01
The Emperor — Volume 07
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 1, Part 3
Charles Philip Yorke, Fourth Earl of Hardwicke, Vice-Admiral R.N. — a Memoir
Cliff Castles and Cave Dwellings of Europe
Alone in London
A Leap in the Dark: A Criticism of the Principles of Home Rule as Illustrated by the; Bill of 1893
Samuel Rutherford and Some of His Correspondents
Disturbed Ireland : $b being the letters written during the winter of 1880-81
Son Philip
Sixty years with Plymouth Church
Three Addresses to Girls at School
The Elements of Agriculture: A Book for Young Farmers, with Questions Prepared for the Use of Schools
Our Artist in Cuba: Fifty drawings on wood. Leaves from the Sketch-book of a traveler, During the Winter of 1864-5.
History of American Abolitionism: Its four great epochs, embracing narratives of the ordinance of 1787, compromise of 1820, annexation of Texas, Mexican war, Wilmot proviso, negro insurrections, abolition riots, slave rescues, compromise of 1850, Kansas bill of 1854, John Brown insurrection, 1859, valuable statistics, &c., &c., &c., together with a history of the Southern Confederacy.
Wit and Wisdom of Lord Tredegar
A Tender Attachment: A Farce
A brief narrative of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment, Wheeler's Corps, Army of Tennessee
A History of Southern Missouri and Northern Arkansas: Being an Account of the Early Settlements, the Civil War, the Ku-Klux, and Times of Peace
The Mentor: Shakespeare's Country, Vol. 4, Num. 8, Serial No. 108, June 1, 1916
Bertha's Christmas Vision: An Autumn Sheaf
Improved Queen-Rearing; or, How to Rear Large, Prolific, Long-Lived Queen Bees: The Result of Nearly Half a Century's Experience in Rearing Queen Bees, Giving the Practical, Every-day Work of the Queen-Rearing Apiary
The Forlorn Hope: A Novel (Vol. 1 of 2)
Ruins of Buddhistic Temples in Prågå Valley—Tyandis Båråbudur, Mendut and Pawon
The story of the Thirty-Third N. Y. S. Vols: or two years campaigning in Virginia and Maryland
The boys in white : $b The experience of a hospital agent in and around Washington
Phemie Keller : $b a novel, vol. 3 of 3
The court of Louis XV
Grand'ther Baldwin's Thanksgiving, with Other Ballads and Poems
Thankful Blossom
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Volume 2
Joshua — Volume 5
Homo Sum — Volume 04
The Burgomaster's Wife — Volume 05
Quotations from Georg Ebers
The Vizier of the Two-Horned Alexander
The Rival Heirs; being the Third and Last Chronicle of Aescendune
Amos Kilbright; His Adscititious Experiences: With Other Stories
The Knights of the White Shield: Up-the-Ladder Club Series, Round One Play
The Pilot and His Wife
Forty Minutes Late: 1909
The Pearl of the Antilles, or An Artist in Cuba
Bridge Disasters in America: The Cause and the Remedy
Campaign of Battery D, First Rhode Island Light Artillery
A Battery at Close Quarters: A Paper Read before the Ohio Commandery of the Loyal Legion, October 6, 1909
The Sign of Flame
A Charming Fellow, Volume III
Clinical Investigations on Squint
Humboldt: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'
Liberty in the Nineteenth Century
Four Winds Farm
War Experiences and the Story of the Vicksburg Campaign from "Milliken's Bend" to July 4, 1863: being an accurate and graphic account of campaign events taken from the diary of Capt. J.J. Kellogg, of Co. B 113th Illinois volunteer infantry
Jimmy Boy
The Most Bitter Foe of Nations, and the Way to Its Permanent Overthrow
A Guide-Book of Florida and the South for Tourists, Invalids and Emigrants
The Poetical Works of David Gray: A New and Enlarged Edition
Animal Locomotion; or, walking, swimming, and flying: With a dissertation on aëronautics
Kelion Franklin Peddicord of Quirk's Scouts, Morgan's Kentucky Cavalry, C. S. A.
The Boy Travellers in South America: Adventures of Two Youths in a Journey through Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentine Republic, and Chili
The Germ Growers: An Australian story of adventure and mystery
The Yellow Flag: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Captain John Crane, 1800-1815
History for ready reference, Volume 1, A-Elba
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1881. Third Report
Told by the Colonel
The Pampas and Andes: A Thousand Miles' Walk Across South America
The shadows of a great city: A romantic story
Wilde v Whistler: Being an Acrimonious Correspondence on Art Between Oscar Wilde and James A McNeill Whistler
Gondola days
The steps of life: further essays on happiness
Chants for the Boer
The Jewish religion
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, General, United States Army — Volume 1
The Garotters
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Volume 1
Their Silver Wedding Journey — Volume 1
American Literary Centers (from Literature and Life)
Cambridge Neighbors (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
"Miss Lou"
The Sisters — Volume 4
Success with Small Fruits
More Pages from a Journal
The Story of Rome from the Earliest Times to the End of the Republic
The Revolution in Tanner's Lane
The Early Life of Mark Rutherford (W. Hale White)
My First Years as a Frenchwoman, 1876-1879
A start in life. A journey across America. Fruit farming in California
The Northern Light
Infelice
The Gold that Glitters: The Mistakes of Jenny Lavender
The Ocean Cat's Paw: The Story of a Strange Cruise
The Campaign of Trenton 1776-77
History of Company E of the Sixth Minnesota Regiment of Volunteer Infantry
A Short History of the Book of Common Prayer
The Thirteen Little Black Pigs, and Other Stories
A House-Party, Don Gesualdo, and A Rainy June
Address to the First Graduating Class of Rutgers Female College
Under a Charm: A Novel. Vol. III
A Search For A Secret: A Novel. Vol. 3
Riven Bonds. Vol. I.: A Novel, in Two Volumes
Midnight Webs
A trip to California in 1853 : $b Recollections of a gold seeking trip by ox train across the plains and mountains by an old Illinois pioneer
Missy: A Novel
Memoirs of a Veteran Who Served as a Private in the 60's in the War Between the States: Personal Incidents, Experiences and Observations
Overland Tales
A Rainy June, and Other Stories
John Inglesant: A Romance (Volume 2 of 2)
The Ashtabula Disaster
A "Bawl" for American Cricket
The Merry Christmas of the Old Woman who Lived in a Shoe
Ancient Scottish Lake-Dwellings or Crannogs: With a supplementary chapter on remains of lake-dwellings in England
Self-Doomed: A Novel
Never: A Hand-Book for the Uninitiated and Inexperienced Aspirants to Refined Society's Giddy Heights and Glittering Attainments.
Lowestoft in olden times
The Harvest of a Quiet Eye: Leisure Thoughts for Busy Lives
Homer Martin, a Reminiscence, October 28, 1836-February 12, 1897
A Dead Reckoning
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charles Bradlaugh
Sketches in Holland and Scandinavia
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1880. [Second Report]
Two Christmas Stories: Sam Franklin's Savings-Bank; A Miserable Christmas and a Happy New Year
The Open Polar Sea: A narrative of a voyage of discovery towards the North pole, in the schooner "United States"
Australian fairy tales
Captain Chap; or, The Rolling Stones
Catherine's coquetries : $b A tale of French country life
The poetical works of Edmund Clarence Stedman
Ginevra : $b or, The old oak chest, a Christmas story
Beulah
San Francisco During the Eventful Days of April 1906
Absalom's Hair
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 04
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 01
A Word, Only a Word — Volume 04
A Question
What Can She Do?
Nature's Serial Story
Widger's Quotes and Images from A Woodland Queen by André Theuriet: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Life on the Mississippi, Part 9.
A Lie Never Justifiable: A Study in Ethics
The evolution of English lexicography
There is No Harm in Dancing
Revised Edition of Poems
Adventures and Recollections
A Book of Sibyls: Miss Barbauld, Miss Edgeworth, Mrs Opie, Miss Austen
Acadian Reminiscences : The True Story of Evangeline
Some Conditions of Child Life in England
The Home Life of Poe
Saint Michael: A Romance
That Unfortunate Marriage, Vol. 2
Chickamauga. Useless, Disastrous Battle
The Relations of Science and Religion: The Morse Lecture, 1880
The Heritage of the Kurts, Volume 1 (of 2)
Mortomley's Estate: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Down the River to the Sea
Toots and His Friends
St. Bernard's: The Romance of a Medical Student
Seeing the Elephant
The Laws and Principles of Whist Stated and Explained,: and its practice illustrated on an original system by means of hands played completely through. 18th edition
Extracts from the Diary of William C. Lobenstine, December 31, 1851-1858
The Last Days of Mary Stuart, and the journal of Bourgoyne her physician
Our Intellectual Strength and Weakness: A Short Historical and Critical Review of Literature, Art and Education in Canada
John Marshall
Ruby Roland, the Girl Spy; or, Simon Kenton's Protege
Burgo's Romance
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Amelia Barr
The Olivia Letters: Being Some History of Washington City for Forty Years as Told by the Letters of a Newspaper Correspondent
The Queen's Reign and Its Commemoration: A literary and pictorial review of the period; the story of the Victorian transformation
On criminal abortion in America
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1884. Sixth Report: (Vol. II No. 1)
Death-Dealer, the Shawnee Scourge; or The Wizard of the Cliffs
The Story of a Boulder; or, Gleanings from the Note-book of a Field Geologist
Life of Emanuel Swedenborg: Together with a brief synopsis of his writings, both philosophical and theological
The Earl's promise : $b A novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Over the Santa Fé Trail, 1857
James Otis, the Pre-Revolutionist
The Cruise of the Dolphin
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 6: Artemus Ward's Panorama
The Editor's Relations with the Young Contributor (from Literature and Life)
The Golden Chersonese and the Way Thither
The Fortunes of Oliver Horn
Joshua — Volume 3
Cleopatra — Volume 08
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 06
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 02
The Burgomaster's Wife — Volume 04
Sketches New and Old, Part 4.
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 1, Part 1
Philip Gilbert Hamerton: An Autobiography, 1834-1858, and a Memoir by His Wife, 1858-1894
Poems
Studies in Literature
The Mystery of Metropolisville
A Bicycle of Cathay
Jacob Behmen: An Appreciation
The Schemes of the Kaiser
Captain Sam: The Boy Scouts of 1814
The House of Martha
Story-Tell Lib
"Excelsior"
In the Mahdi's Grasp
Little Grandmother
Problems of Expansion: As Considered in Papers and Addresses
Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses
Description of a New Vespertilionine Bat from Yucatan: Author's Edition, extracted from Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History, Vol. IX, September 28, 1897
A Pessimist in Theory and Practice
Buxton and its Medicinal Waters
Felicitas: A Tale of the German Migrations: A.D. 476
The Bright Side of Prison Life: Experience, In Prison and Out, of an Involuntary Soujouner in Rebellion
L'Arrabiata and Other Tales
The Parson O' Dumford
Her Letter, His Answer & Her Last Letter
The Theory and Policy of Labour Protection
Eli's Children: The Chronicles of an Unhappy Family
Dutch the Diver; Or, A Man's Mistake
The Captured Scout of the Army of the James: A Sketch of the Life of Sergeant Henry H. Manning, of the Twenty-fourth Mass. Regiment
Mount Royal: A Novel. Volume 1 of 3
Walt Whitman in Mickle Street
Patience
Battle of the Crater; and Experiences of Prison Life
Duality of Voice
The Changeling
The Sunny South: An Autumn in Spain and Majorca
William Cobbett: A Biography in Two Volumes, Vol. 2
Stargazing: Past and Present
Underground Treasures: How and Where to Find Them: A Key for the Ready Determination of All the Useful Minerals Within the United States
Kitty Alone: A Story of Three Fires (vol. 1 of 3)
Brian Fitz-Count: A Story of Wallingford Castle and Dorchester Abbey
Fire in the Woods: Illustrated
I've been a Gipsying: or, Rambles among our Gipsies and their children in their tents and vans
On Board the "Rocket"
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1885. Seventh Report: (Vol. II No. 2)
Betty Alden: The first-born daughter of the Pilgrims
The cruise of the Canoe Club
Promoting good citizenship
History for ready reference, Volume 5, Tunnage to Zyp and Supplement
History of the United States of America, Volume 5 (of 9) : $b During the first administration of James Madison
Bunyan Characters (2nd Series)
By Shore and Sedge
Confessions of a Summer Colonist (from Literature and Life)
William Ewart Gladstone
The Elixir
Bricks Without Straw: A Novel
The Naturalist in Nicaragua
Three Months of My Life
England's Case Against Home Rule
Middy and Ensign
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 6: Harriet Martineau
The Boy Settlers: A Story of Early Times in Kansas
Optical Projection. Part 1: The Projection of Lantern Slides
A Search For A Secret: A Novel. Vol. 1
Devota
The Career of Claudia
Prentice Hugh
The Epic of Saul
The Seventh Regiment: A Record
A Secret Inheritance (Volume 3 of 3)
Elderflowers
Canoeing in Kanuckia: Or, Haps and Mishaps Afloat and Ashore of the Statesman, the Editor, the Artist, and the Scribbler
Under a Veil: A Comedietta in One Act
Devlin the Barber
Marks' first lessons in geometry: In two parts. Objectively presented, and designed for the use of primary classes in grammar schools, academies, etc.
A Little Girl in Old Chicago
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Bret Harte
Animal Castration
Will Somers, the Boy Detective
The Yellow Flag: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
Jed's Boy: A Story of Adventures in the Great World War
The story of the Thirty Eighth regiment of Massachusetts volunteers
Elfin Land
The nugget finders : $b A tale of the gold fields of Australia
From Sand Hill to Pine
Monsieur, Madame, and Bébé — Volume 01
Zibeline — Complete
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 06
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 07
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 02
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 08
The Burgomaster's Wife — Volume 03
The Greylock: A Fairy Tale
The Duke of Gandia
His Sombre Rivals
Quotes and Images From The Works of William Dean Howells
The Afghan Wars 1839-42 and 1878-80
Bred in the Bone; Or, Like Father, Like Son: A Novel
Bébée; Or, Two Little Wooden Shoes
The Tragedy of the Chain Pier: Everyday Life Library No. 3
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 8: France in the Eighteenth Century
Historical and Political Essays
The Man In The High-Water Boots
Five O'Clock Tea: Farce
Joseph K. F. Mansfield, Brigadier General of the U.S. Army: A Narrative of Events Connected with His Mortal Wounding at Antietam, Sharpsburg, Maryland, September 17, 1862
The Story of the Raising and Organization of a Regiment of Volunteers in 1862: Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States, Commandery of the District of Columbia, War Papers 46
Shelley and the Marriage Question
John Marchmont's Legacy, Volume 3 (of 3)
How to Make an Index
Hilda's Mascot: A Tale of "Maryland, My Maryland"
That Girl in Black; and, Bronzie
Donna Teresa
Sermons: Selected from the Papers of the Late Rev. Clement Bailhache
The Hidden Servants and Other Very Old Stories
Essays on Darwinism
The Lone Star Defenders : $b a chronicle of the Third Texas Cavalry, Ross' Brigade
Arminell: A Social Romance, Vol. 1
Kitty Alone: A Story of Three Fires (vol. 3 of 3)
Under Lock and Key: A Story. Volume 3 (of 3)
Looking Further Forward: An Answer to Looking Backward by Edward Bellamy
On Angels' Wings
Dr. Wainwright's Patient: A Novel
Wild beasts : $b A study of the characters and habits of the elephant, lion, leopard, panther, jaguar, tiger, puma, wolf, and grizzly bear
Social life in old New Orleans : $b Being recollections of my girlhood
The Man of Letters as a Man of Business
Poems By the Way
Fly Leaves
The "Dock Rats" of New York; Or, The Smuggler Band's Last Stand
Without a Home
Chaitanya and the Vaishnava Poets of Bengal
Widger's Quotes and Images from L'Abbe Constantin by Ludovic Halévy: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Samantha among the Brethren — Volume 7
The Rudder Grangers Abroad and Other Stories
Wife in Name Only
Canada under British Rule 1760-1900
A Collection of College Words and Customs
Marion Arleigh's Penance: Everyday Life Library No. 5
By Berwen Banks
The White Rose of Langley: A Story of the Olden Time
A Refutation of the Charges Made against the Confederate States of America of Having Authorized the Use of Explosive and Poisoned Musket and Rifle Balls during the Late Civil War of 1861-65
Gómez Arias: Or, The Moors of the Alpujarras, A Spanish Historical Romance.
Friends I Have Made
Roland Graeme: Knight. A Novel of Our Time
The South American Republics, Part 2 of 2
A Survivor's Recollections of the Whitman Massacre
Sweet Content
Mirk Abbey, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Talk of the Town, Volume 2 (of 2)
Pioneer Life in Illinois
Dotty Dimple at School
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 06 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
Under Blue Skies: Verses & Pictures
Light Science for Leisure Hours: A series of familiar essays on scientific subjects, natural phenomena, &c.
The Gray Scalp; Or, The Blackfoot Brave
My Year in a Log Cabin
Kissing the Rod: A Novel. (Vol. 2 of 3)
Kissing the Rod: A Novel. (Vol. 3 of 3)
Certain delightful English towns, with glimpses of the pleasant country between
Land at Last: A Novel
A Righted Wrong: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Torn Sails: A Tale of a Welsh Village
The Death of Captain Wells
The story of Ida: epitaph on an Etrurian tomb
Far above rubies (Vol. 2 of 3) : $b A novel
Phemie Keller : $b a novel, vol. 2 of 3
The evolution of worlds from nebulae
A moment of madness, and other stories (vol. 2 of 3)
The story of Don Miff : $b as told by his friend John Bouche Whacker: a symphony of life
The Heritage of Dedlow Marsh and Other Tales
Their Silver Wedding Journey — Volume 2
Arachne — Volume 05
Narrative of Captivity in Abyssinia with Some Account of the Late Emperor the Late Emperor Theodore, His Country and People
The Old Bell of Independence; Or, Philadelphia in 1776
Persia Revisited
Edna's Sacrifice and Other Stories
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 4: The Life of George Eliot
Three Boys; Or, The Chiefs of the Clan Mackhai
The Critics Versus Shakspere: A Brief for the Defendant
Gycia: A Tragedy in Five Acts
The Philosophy of Evolution: Together With a Preliminary Essay on The Metaphysical Basis of Science
Mary
John Marchmont's Legacy, Volume 2 (of 3)
Social Rights And Duties: Addresses to Ethical Societies. Vol 2 [of 2]
Mortomley's Estate: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Miser Farebrother: A Novel (vol. 3 of 3)
Nurse Elisia
The Laurel Walk
Flaxie Growing Up: Flaxie Frizzle Stories
Little Prudy's Cousin Grace
Songs Unsung
Holden with the Cords
A Secret of the Sea: A Novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Destruction of the Greek Empire and the Story of the Capture of Constantinople by the Turks
The Chicago Massacre of 1812: With Illustrations and Historical Documents
My Literary Zoo
An open verdict : $b a novel, volume 1 (of 3)
John Jasper: The unmatched Negro philosopher and preacher
The Chattanooga Campaign: With especial reference to Wisconsin's participation therein
Black Nick, the hermit of the hills; or, The expiated crime: A story of Burgoyne's surrender
Arizona ghost trails
Campaign and battle of Lynchburg, Va.
In a Hollow of the Hills
Oliver Wendell Holmes (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Ragged Lady — Volume 1
Conscience — Volume 1
State of the Union Addresses
Homo Sum — Volume 01
The Story of My Life — Volume 04
Sketches New and Old, Part 3.
Observations of a Retired Veteran
By England's Aid; or, the Freeing of the Netherlands (1585-1604)
Instructions on Modern American Bridge Building
A Channel Passage and Other Poems: Taken from The Collected Poetical Works of Algernon Charles; Swinburne—Vol VI
Oscar the Detective; Or, Dudie Dunne, The Exquisite Detective
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 5: On Pattison's Memoirs
King o' the Beach: A Tropic Tale
The Life of the Waiting Soul in the Intermediate State
From Slave to College President: Being the Life Story of Booker T. Washington
Tales of the Toys, Told by Themselves
Bride Roses
The Romance of the Canoness: A Life-History
Cursed by a Fortune
A Search For A Secret: A Novel. Vol. 2
Historical sketch of the Fifteenth Regiment, New Jersey Volunteers: First Brigade, First Division, Sixth Corps
Ovind: A Story of Country Life in Norway
How to Catalogue a Library
A Secret Inheritance  (Volume 2 of 3)
Santa Claus' Frolics
The Fourth Generation
Abroad and at Home; Practical Hints for Tourists
In the Dead of Night: A Novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Walled In: A True Story of Randall's Island
Lover and Husband: A Novel
A Righted Wrong: A Novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Out of the Briars: An Autobiography and Sketch of the Twenty-ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers
A naturalist in Madagascar: A record of observation, experiences, and impressions made during a period of over fifty years' intimate association with the natives and study of the animal & vegetable life of the island
The romance of my childhood and youth
Repertory of The Comedie Humaine, Part 2
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, General, United States Army — Volume 2
Studies of Lowell (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Conscience — Volume 2
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 07
Joshua — Volume 4
The Nuts: A Christmas Story for my Children and Grandchildren
The Complete Short Works of Georg Ebers
Sketches New and Old, Part 5.
Sketches New and Old, Part 7.
Clara Hopgood
Sea-Power and Other Studies
Lord Elgin
The World As I Have Found It: Sequel to Incidents in the Life of a Blind Girl
A Christmas Story: Man in His Element: or, A New Way to Keep House
The Hero of the Humber; Or, The History of the Late Mr. John Ellerthorpe
Belles and Ringers
The Little Skipper: A Son of a Sailor
The American Cyclops, the Hero of New Orleans, and Spoiler of Silver Spoons
Sail Ho! A Boy at Sea
Life and Conduct
The New Forest Spy
Song-waves
Original Penny Readings: A Series of Short Sketches
Vermont riflemen in the war for the union, 1861 to 1865: A history of Company F, First United States sharp shooters
The Haute Noblesse: A Novel
A Narrative of Service with the Third Wisconsin Infantry
Fickle Fortune
The Dispatch Carrier and Memoirs of Andersonville Prison
Rutledge
The Tiger Lily
The Epic of Paul
A Few More Verses
Anthropophagy
Addresses: by John A. Martin. Delivered in Kansas.
Four Lectures on the English Revolution
Seeking His Fortune, and Other Dialogues
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1886. Eighth Report: (Vol. II, No. 3.)
Papa's own girl: A novel
Cicely : $b a story of three years
Memoir of the Proposed Territory of Arizona
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Volume 3
Staccato Notes of a Vanished Summer (from Literature and Life)
Last Days in a Dutch Hotel (from Literature and Life)
Chaucer
The Veiled Lady, and Other Men and Women
The Sisters — Volume 3
Cleopatra — Volume 04
Cleopatra — Volume 05
Homo Sum — Volume 03
A Thorny Path — Volume 07
Opening a Chestnut Burr
From Jest to Earnest
Widger's Quotes and Images from Monsieur, Madame, and Bébé by Gustave Droz: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
In Troubadour-Land: A Ramble in Provence and Languedoc
Capt. W. F. Drannan, Chief of Scouts, As Pilot to Emigrant and Government Trains, Across the Plains of the Wild West of Fifty Years Ago
A Canadian Heroine, Volume 2: A Novel
A Canadian Heroine, Volume 3: A Novel
The Bastonnais: Tale of the American Invasion of Canada in 1775-76
Cobwebs and Cables
The Broom-Squire
Success and How He Won It
Mattie:—A Stray (Vol 1 of 3)
The World Turned Upside Down
A Secret Inheritance  (Volume 1 of 3)
An Old Man's Prayer
Hawkins Electrical Guide v. 05 (of 10): Questions, Answers, & Illustrations, A progressive course of study for engineers, electricians, students and those desiring to acquire a working knowledge of electricity and its applications
Pleasant Ways in Science
Rough Ways Made Smooth: A series of familiar essays on scientific subjects
The Mysteries of Heron Dyke: A Novel of Incident. Volume 3 (of 3)
The Mysteries of Heron Dyke: A Novel of Incident. Volume 1 (of 3)
The Lament of the Mormon Wife: A Poem
Old Days at Beverly Farms
The Yellow Flag: A Novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Cameo Cutting
The essentials of bandaging: $b including the management of fractures and dislocations, with directions for using other surgical apparatus
The Earl's promise : $b A novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
The hoe cake of Appomattox
Our Christmas party
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 2: War
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 4: To California and Return
Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of Mark Twain
Zibeline — Volume 2
L'Abbe Constantin — Volume 1
Their Silver Wedding Journey — Complete
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 08
The Sisters — Volume 1
The Emperor — Volume 03
Arachne — Volume 01
Arachne — Volume 02
Arachne — Volume 06
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 03
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 07
Bimbi: Stories for Children
The Life of John Clare
Samantha at the St. Louis Exposition
Aylwin
The Waters of Edera
The Reminiscences of an Astronomer
History of the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States
The Myxomycetes of the Miami Valley, Ohio
Mother Truth's Melodies. Common Sense For Children. A Kindergarten
Campobello: An Historical Sketch
Commodore Junk
Danira
Songs of the Mexican Seas
Swift
A History of the Durham Miner's Association 1870-1904
Poison: A Farce
Little Brown Jug
The Grey Monk
Josiah's Secret: A Play
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of James De Mille
The Impending Sword: A Novel (Vol. 1 of 3)
Memories of a Hostess: A Chronicle of Eminent Friendships: Drawn Chiefly from the Diaries of Mrs. James T. Fields
Speeches at the Constitutional Convention: With the Right of Suffrage Passed by the Constitutional Convention
The battle of the Swash and the capture of Canada
The pearl lagoon
The dead towns of Georgia
Spanish Prisoners of War (from Literature and Life)
Civil Government of Virginia: A Text-book for Schools Based Upon the Constitution of 1902 and Conforming to the Laws Enacted in Accordance Therewith
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 05
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 07
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 09
The Emperor — Volume 09
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 07
Byron
The Captain's Toll-Gate
Memories and Anecdotes
My Mother's Rival: Everyday Life Library No. 4
In Luck at Last
History of the Nineteenth Army Corps
Lee's Last Campaign
Klytia: A Story of Heidelberg Castle
A Hero of the Pen
"Clear the Track!" A Story of To-day
The Empty Sleeve: or, The Life and Hardships of Henry H. Meacham, in the Union Army
The Fisher Girl
Mount Royal: A Novel. Volume 3 of 3
The Ship in the Desert
Basil and Annette: A Novel
Winefred: A Story of the Chalk Cliffs
Natural & Artificial Sewage Treatment
A Secret of the Sea: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Perry's Saints; Or, The Fighting Parson's Regiment in the War of the Rebellion
History of the Australian Bushrangers
Zina: the Slave Girl; or, Which the Traitor?: A Drama in Four Acts
The Haven Children; or, Frolics at the Funny Old House on Funny Street
The ecclesiastical architecture of Scotland from the earliest Christian times to the seventeenth century; vol. 2/3
Wages in 1873: Address read before the Social Science Association at Norwich
A Vision of the Future, Based on the Application of Ethical Principles
A Hermit's Wild Friends; or, Eighteen Years in the Woods
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 5: The London Punch Letters
A Hazard of New Fortunes — Volume 5
A Belated Guest (from Literary Friends and Acquaintance)
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 08
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 01
Cleopatra — Volume 09
The Emperor — Volume 10
Serapis — Volume 06
Arachne — Volume 08
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 02
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 04
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 12
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 06
In the Blue Pike — Complete
The Story of My Life — Volume 02
Indian Games : an historical research
In Search of Gravestones Old and Curious
The Bridal March; One Day
An Ethnologist's View of History: An Address Before the Annual Meeting of the New Jersey Historical Society, at Trenton, New Jersey, January 28, 1896
History of the Second Massachusetts Regiment of Infantry: A prisoner's diary: A paper read at the officers' reunion in Boston, May 11, 1877
Lost Sir Massingberd: A Romance of Real Life. v. 1/2
Curiosities of Heat
The Public Life of Queen Victoria
Mohawks: A Novel. Volume 2 of 3
Past Redemption: A Drama in Four Acts
Incidents in a Gipsy's Life
Old Friends at Cambridge and Elsewhere
Better Than Men
The Decline and Fall of Whist: An Old Fashioned View of New Fangled Play
Under Lock and Key: A Story. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Heart of a Mystery
The Wreck of the "Royal Charter": Compiled from Authentic Sources, with Some Original Matter
Janeza Trdine zbrani spisi 1: Bahovi huzarji in Iliri: Spomini iz moje profesorske sluzbe na Hrvaskem (1853-1867)
The Lunarian Professor and His Remarkable Revelations Concerning the Earth, the Moon and Mars: Together with An Account of the Cruise of the Sally Ann
Alone in London
A Synopsis of the British Mosses: Containing Descriptions of All the Genera and Species, (With Localities of the Rarer Ones) Found in Great Britain and Ireland, Based Upon Wilson's "Bryologia Britannica," Schimper's "Synopsis," Etc.
The violin and the art of its construction: a treatise on the Stradivarius violin
Phemie Keller : $b a novel, vol. 1 of 3
A Thorny Path — Volume 01
A Thorny Path — Volume 05
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 08
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 04
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 06
The Burgomaster's Wife — Volume 01
Personal Memoirs of P. H. Sheridan, Volume 1, Part 2
Minnesota; Its Character and Climate: Likewise Sketches of Other Resorts Favorable to Invalids; Together with Copious Notes on Health; Also Hints to Tourists and Emigrants.
Progressive Morality: An Essay in Ethics
The Wedge of Gold
The Tables Turned; or, Nupkins Awakened.  A Socialist Interlude
The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Volume VIII.: Interviews
Through Forest and Stream: The Quest of the Quetzal
The Boys and I: A Child's Story for Children
Lady Maude's Mania
Christmas Penny Readings: Original Sketches for the Season
Mattie:—A Stray (Vol 2 of 3)
The Mapleson Memoirs, 1848-1888, vol II
The Lost Gold of the Montezumas: A Story of the Alamo
Comrades: A Drama in Three Acts
A Son of Mars, volume 1
The Secret of Wyvern Towers
Our Common Land (and Other Short Essays)
What Became of the Slaves on a Georgia Plantation?: Great Auction Sale of Slaves, at Savannah, Georgia, March 2d & 3d, 1859
An open verdict : $b a novel, volume 3 (of 3)
Calvin Wilson Mateer, forty-five years a missionary in Shantung, China : $b a biography
Maruja
The Standard Household-Effect Company (from Literature and Life)
A Woodland Queen ('Reine des Bois') — Volume 1
Joshua — Volume 2
A Word, Only a Word — Volume 02
The Story of My Life — Volume 05
Interludes: being Two Essays, a Story, and Some Verses
Garthowen: A Story of a Welsh Homestead
Holiday Tales
Reminiscences of service with the Twelfth Rhode Island Volunteers, and a memorial of Col. George H. Browne
Of High Descent
Under a Charm: A Novel. Vol. I
Miser Farebrother: A Novel (vol. 1 of 3)
White Turrets
A Country Sweetheart
Husks
War Stories for my Grandchildren
The Ornithosauria: An elementary study of the bones of Pterodactyles made from fossil remains found in the Cambridge Upper Greensand, and arranged in the Woodwardian Museum of the University of Cambridge
The Shield of Love
Lamia's Winter-Quarters
A Strange World: A Novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
The Loudwater Tragedy
Broken to Harness: A Story of English Domestic Life
Our Base Ball Club and How It Won the Championship
The Landlord at Lion's Head — Volume 2
The Army of the Cumberland
Conscience — Volume 3
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 01
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 10
The Sisters — Volume 5
Arachne — Volume 03
Arachne — Volume 04
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 03
A Thorny Path — Volume 10
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 03
The Burgomaster's Wife — Volume 02
Catharine Furze
A Sketch of the History of Oneonta
The King's Esquires; Or, The Jewel of France
In the King's Name: The Cruise of the "Kestrel"
Anthropology: As a Science and as a Branch of University Education in the United States
The Sapphire Cross
Lost Sir Massingberd: A Romance of Real Life. v. 2/2
Mohawks: A Novel. Volume 3 of 3
Unawares: A Story of an Old French Town
Social Comptabilism: The Cheque and Clearing Service in the Austrian Postal Savings Bank. Proposed Law laid before the Chamber of Representatives of Belgium
Mutiny Memoirs: Being Personal Reminiscences of the Great Sepoy Revolt of 1857
The Indian Council in the Valley of the Walla-Walla. 1855
The Christmas Holly
On the inaccuracies which probably exist in the census returns of ages
Prince Ragnal, and other holiday verses
San Salvador
Steel : $b a manual for steel users
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 3: Stories and Romances
The Complete Works of Artemus Ward — Part 7: Miscellaneous
Second Shetland Truck System Report
L'Abbe Constantin — Volume 3
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 03
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 09
Cleopatra — Volume 03
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 05
A Thorny Path — Volume 04
A Thorny Path — Volume 08
Richard Vandermarck: A Novel
First Fam'lies of the Sierras
The Rosery Folk
No Surrender
Under a Charm: A Novel. Vol. II
Not Without Thorns
A Sketch of the Life and Times of Judge Haliburton
Personal Recollections of Distinguished Generals
Running the Gauntlet: A Novel
Impressions and experiences
Nat Wolfe; or, The gold hunters: A romance of Pike's Peak and New York
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 04
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 10
Barriers Burned Away
The Coquette's Victim: Everyday Life Library No. 1
Mr. Fortescue: An Andean Romance
Homo: 1909
Heart's-ease
Was General Thomas Slow at Nashville?: With a Description of the Greatest Cavalry Movement of the War and General James H. Wilson's Cavalry Operations in Tennessee, Alabama, and Georgia
Sir Hilton's Sin
The Revolt of Man
The modes of origin of lowest organisms: including a discussion of the experiments of M. Pasteur
Whist; or, Bumblepuppy? Thirteen Lectures Addressed to Children
At Close Range
The Impending Sword: A Novel (Vol. 2 of 3)
Saga of the oak, and other poems
Wayside Sketches in Tasmania
Some Anomalies of the Short Story (from Literature and Life)
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 10
The Sisters — Volume 2
Serapis — Volume 02
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 10
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 11
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 05
On the Pampas; Or, The Young Settlers
Two Wonderful Detectives; Or, Jack and Gil's Marvelous Skill
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 3 of 3), Essay 9: The Expansion of England
The Wyandotte Convention: an address
The Mysteries of Heron Dyke: A Novel of Incident. Volume 2 (of 3)
A Strange World: A Novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Black Sheep: A Novel
Far above rubies (Vol. 3 of 3) : $b A novel
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 04
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 09
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 04
Coralie: Everyday Life Library No. 2
The Man with a Shadow
Arminell: A Social Romance, Vol. 3
The Forlorn Hope: A Novel (Vol. 2 of 2)
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1883. Fifth Report
The Story of Zephyr: A Christmas Story
Chit-chat, or Short Tales in Short Words
The Earl's promise : $b A novel. Vol. 3 (of 3)
A Woodland Queen ('Reine des Bois') — Volume 2
Laicus; Or, the Experiences of a Layman in a Country Parish.
Cleopatra — Volume 02
Cleopatra — Volume 07
The Emperor — Volume 04
The Emperor — Volume 05
Homo Sum — Volume 02
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 01
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 08
Tecumseh : a Drama
Stray Studies from England and Italy
The Star-Gazers
Louisville, Ky. after the Cyclone, March 27, 1890
The Country's Need of Greater Railway Facilities and Terminals: Address Delivered at the Annual Dinner of the Railway Business Association, New York City, December 19, 1912
The Lost Dryad
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1887. Ninth Report: (Vol. II, No. 4.)
Letters from Australia
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of William Dean Howells
Monsieur, Madame, and Bébé — Volume 03
Uarda : a Romance of Ancient Egypt — Volume 02
Joshua — Volume 1
Holidays in Eastern France
Poems
A Canadian Heroine, Volume 1: A Novel
My Terminal Moraine: 1892
The Golden Magnet
A Report Concerning the Colored Women of the South
Little Pilgrim at Aunt Lou's
In exitu Israel : $b an historical novel, volume 2 (of 2)
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 02
Prelude and Fugue in E-Flat Major, Op. 99 no.3
Thereby Hangs a Tale. Volume One
Autobiography of Matthew Scott, Jumbo's Keeper; Also Jumbo's Biography, by the same Author
Life in Southern Prisons: From the Diary of Corporal Charles Smedley, of Company G, 90th Regiment Penn'a Volunteers, Commencing a Few Days Before the "Battle of the Wilderness", In Which He Was Taken Prisoner ... Also, a Short Description of the March to and Battle of Gettysburg, Together with a Biographical Sketch of the Author
A Righted Wrong: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Autumn of 1879. [First Report]
An episode in the doings of the dualized
Case of Filaria loa
The plurality of the human race
The Hampstead mystery: a novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
A Thorny Path — Volume 03
A Word, Only a Word — Volume 01
A Word, Only a Word — Volume 03
A Word, Only a Word — Volume 05
The Story of My Life — Volume 03
Colonel Carter of Cartersville
Reflections and Comments 1865-1895
Twenty Years of Congress, Volume 2: From Lincoln to Garfield, with a Review of the Events Which Led to the Political Revolution of 1860
The Rhode Island Artillery at the First Battle of Bull Run
A Secret of the Sea: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 3)
L'Abbe Constantin — Volume 2
Cleopatra — Volume 01
Serapis — Volume 01
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 01
Barbara Blomberg — Volume 09
In the Blue Pike — Volume 01
Owindia : a true tale of the MacKenzie River Indians, North-West America
The Black-Sealed Letter: Or, The Misfortunes of a Canadian Cockney.
Critical Miscellanies (Vol. 2 of 3), Essay 3: Condorcet
Mrs. Hungerford: Notable Women Authors of the Day
Blanche: A Story for Girls
Nothing to Do: A Tilt at Our Best Society
Half Brothers
An Egyptian Princess — Volume 02
Cleopatra — Volume 06
The Emperor — Volume 08
Margery (Gred): A Tale Of Old Nuremberg — Volume 05
In Paradise: A Novel. Vol. I.
Report on the Migration of Birds in the Spring and Autumn of 1882. Fourth Report
From flag to flag : $b A woman's adventures and experiences in the South during the war, in Mexico, and in Cuba
Arachne — Volume 07
A Thorny Path — Volume 11
In the Blue Pike — Volume 02
On the Church Steps
Hathercourt
How to Use a Galvanic Battery in Medicine and Surgery: A Discourse Delivered Before the Hunterian Society, Third Edition
In the Blue Pike — Volume 03
Miriam's Schooling and Other Papers
Zibeline — Volume 1
Two, by Tricks: A Novel
The Bride of the Nile — Volume 06
Metlakahtla and the North Pacific Mission of the Church Missionary Society
Sawn Off: A Tale of a Family Tree
Kissing the Rod: A Novel. (Vol. 1 of 3)
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 01
In the Fire of the Forge: A Romance of Old Nuremberg — Volume 03
The Story of Viteau
A Strange World: A Novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
Zibeline — Volume 3
Arminell: A Social Romance, Vol. 2
Ballads and Other Poems: Fourth Edition, Revised
Remarks from a Visit to Edison Laboratory
Æsop's Fables: A Version for Young Readers
Dracula
Thus Spake Zarathustra: A Book for All and None
Beyond Good and Evil
The Secret Garden
The Genealogy of Morals: The Complete Works, Volume Thirteen, edited by Dr. Oscar Levy.
The Birth of Tragedy; or, Hellenism and Pessimism
The Twilight of the Idols; or, How to Philosophize with the Hammer. The Antichrist: Complete Works, Volume Sixteen
The Devil's Dictionary
The Antichrist
The Turn of the Screw
Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman
A Little Princess: Being the whole story of Sara Crewe now told for the first time
An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge
Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits
The Secret Garden
How the Other Half Lives: Studies Among the Tenements of New York
Language of Flowers
A Diplomat in Japan: The inner history of the critical years in the evolution of Japan when the ports were opened and the monarchy restored, recorded by a diplomatist who took an active part in the events of the time, with an account of his personal experiences during that period
Ecce Homo: Complete Works, Volume Seventeen
The Blue Fairy Book
Doña Perfecta
The Will to Believe, and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy
The Beast in the Jungle
The Merry Five
Thought-Forms
The Queen of the Swamp, and other plain Americans
Far from the Madding Crowd
Fifty Famous Stories Retold
The Portrait of a Lady — Volume 1
Pragmatism: A New Name for Some Old Ways of Thinking
The Common Law
The Arabian Nights Entertainments
Dreams of an astronomer
The Revolt of the Angels
The Will to Power: An Attempted Transvaluation of All Values. Book I and II
Principles of Orchestration, with Musical Examples Drawn from His Own Works
Little "Why-because"
Dracula's Guest
The Joyful Wisdom ("La Gaya Scienza")
The Influence of Sea Power Upon History, 1660-1783
Baron Trump's Marvellous Underground Journey
Encyclopedia of Needlework
The Mayor of Casterbridge
The Dawn of Day
The Varieties of Religious Experience: A Study in Human Nature
Jack Henderson on tipping
The Mide'wiwin or "Grand Medicine Society" of the Ojibwa: Seventh Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1885-1886, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1891, pages 143-300
Dracula
Seven years in South Africa, volume 1 (of 2) : $b travels, researches, and hunting adventures, between the diamond fields and the Zambesi (1872-79)
The Principles of Psychology, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Return of the Native
Agricola : $b A study of agriculture and rustic life in the Greco-Roman world from the point of view of labour
Etidorhpa; or, The End of Earth.: The Strange History of a Mysterious Being and the Account of a Remarkable Journey
1900; or, The last President
British birds
The Will to Power: An Attempted Transvaluation of All Values. Book III and IV
The Return of the Native
Sailing Alone Around the World
Jude the Obscure
Child-Life in Japan and Japanese Child Stories
The Devil's Dictionary
Uncle Remus, his songs and his sayings
Talks To Teachers On Psychology; And To Students On Some Of Life's Ideals
Collected Poems in Two Volumes, Vol. II
Alden's Handy Atlas of the World: Including One Hundred and Thirty-eight Colored Maps, Diagrams, Tables, Etc.
Daisy Miller: A Study
The Secret Garden
Criminal Psychology: A Manual for Judges, Practitioners, and Students
Là-bas
Little Lord Fauntleroy
Plunkitt of Tammany Hall: a series of very plain talks on very practical politics, delivered by ex-Senator George Washington Plunkitt, the Tammany philosopher, from his rostrum—the New York County court house bootblack stand; Recorded by William L. Riordon
Pushing to the Front
Beyond Good and Evil
Country of the Pointed Firs
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Friedrich Nietzsche
Theresa Raquin
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Old Greek Stories
Against the Grain
Quo Vadis: A Narrative of the Time of Nero
Seven years in South Africa, volume 2 (of 2) : $b travels, researches, and hunting adventures, between the diamond fields and the Zambesi (1872-79)
My Kalulu, Prince, King and Slave: A Story of Central Africa
The Religions of Japan, from the Dawn of History to the Era of Méiji
The Boy's Voice: A Book of Practical Information on The Training of Boys' Voices For Church Choirs, &c.
Acres of Diamonds: Our Every-day Opportunities
History of the United States, Volume 1
The Violet Fairy Book
1000 Mythological Characters Briefly Described: Adapted to Private Schools, High Schools and Academies
Geology, Vol. 1 [of 3] : $b Geologic processes and their results
Far from the Madding Crowd
Myths and Legends of the Sioux
Germinal
Through South Africa: His Visit to Rhodesia, the Transvaal, Cape Colony, Natal
Astronomy for Amateurs
The Land Beyond the Forest: Facts, Figures, and Fancies from Transylvania
A Little Princess
Human, All-Too-Human: A Book for Free Spirits, Part 2
English Fairy Tales
Little Lord Fauntleroy
The Case of Wagner, Nietzsche Contra Wagner, and Selected Aphorisms.
How to sing [Meine Gesangskunst]
The Progress of Invention in the Nineteenth Century.
Late Lyrics and Earlier, With Many Other Verses
The Jolly Corner
L'Assommoir
Italian Hours
Psychopathia sexualis: With especial reference to contrary sexual instinct: A medico-legal study
His Masterpiece
The Diary of a Nobody
How to Succeed; Or, Stepping-Stones to Fame and Fortune
Some Jewish Witnesses For Christ
Current Superstitions
A Apple Pie
A Text-book of Tanning: A treatise on the conversion of skins into leather, both practical and theoretical.
The Yellow Fairy Book
The Fiend's Delight
Great Astronomers
My experiences while out of my body : $b and my return after many days
A pair of blue eyes
A History of Epidemics in Britain, Volume 1 (of 2): From A.D. 664 to the Extinction of Plague
Degeneration
Dracula
The Portrait of a Lady — Volume 2
Fools of Fortune; or, Gambling and Gamblers
Mogens, and Other Stories
The Diary of a Nobody
Five Little Peppers and How They Grew
The Golden Bowl — Complete
The Medicine-Men of the Apache. (1892 N 09 / 1887-1888 (pages 443-604))
The Faust-Legend and Goethe's 'Faust'
Nights With Uncle Remus: Myths and Legends of the Old Plantation
The crowd : $b A study of the popular mind
The Country of the Pointed Firs
After London; Or, Wild England
The Every-day Life of Abraham Lincoln: A Narrative And Descriptive Biography With Pen-Pictures And Personal; Recollections By Those Who Knew Him
The Damned Thing: 1898, From "In the Midst of Life"
Plays by August Strindberg, First Series
For the Term of His Natural Life
China and the Chinese
Early Greek Philosophy & Other Essays: Collected Works, Volume Two
Cats: Their Points and Characteristics: With Curiosities of Cat Life, and a Chapter on Feline Ailments
Five Little Peppers and How They Grew
Music and Some Highly Musical People
A Little Princess
The Leavenworth Case
Ancient and Modern Ships, Part 1: Wooden Sailing Ships
The Story of the Great Fire in St. John, N.B., June 20th, 1877
Civil Government in the United States Considered with Some Reference to Its Origins
Inventions in the Century
What a Young Woman Ought to Know
Can Such Things Be?
The Pink Fairy Book
Nurse and Spy in the Union Army: The Adventures and Experiences of a Woman in Hospitals, Camps, and Battle-Fields
The Ambassadors
Poems of Paul Verlaine
From Chaucer to Tennyson: With Twenty-Nine Portraits and Selections from Thirty Authors
The Life and Letters of Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Volume 1 (of 2)
Korean Fairy Tales
Uncle Remus, His Songs and His Sayings
The American
Doña Perfecta
The Story of Cole Younger, by Himself
The Real Thing and Other Tales
The Fat and the Thin
Cuore (Heart): An Italian Schoolboy's Journal
The Figure in the Carpet
Fifty Famous People: A Book of Short Stories
The Turn of the Screw
The Meaning of Truth
Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins
The Fairy Books of Andrew Lang: A Project Gutenberg Linked Index to All Stories in the 12 Volumes
Washington Square
Art in Needlework: A Book about Embroidery
The Toilers of the Field
Bible Atlas: A Manual of Biblical Geography and History
The Hand of Ethelberta: A Comedy in Chapters
The Story of Joan of Arc
Farm Ballads
Argot and slang : $b a new French and English dictionary of the cant words, quaint expressions, slang terms and flash phrases used in the high and low life of old and new Paris
History of the United States, Volume 2
How I Found Livingstone: Travels, adventures, and discoveres in Central Africa, including an account of four months' residence with Dr. Livingstone, by Henry M. Stanley
Line and Form (1900)
An Iron Will
History of the United States, Volume 3
Uncle Remus and Brer Rabbit
On the Laws of Japanese Painting: An Introduction to the Study of the Art of Japan
Anomalies and Curiosities of Medicine
Southern Arabia
Nights With Uncle Remus
History of Astronomy
The Joyful Wisdom ("La Gaya Scienza"): Complete Works, Volume Ten
Music-Study in Germany, from the Home Correspondence of Amy Fay
The Good Old Songs We Used to Sing, '61 to '65
Occult Chemistry: Clairvoyant Observations on the Chemical Elements
Recollections and Letters of General Robert E. Lee
Four Americans: Roosevelt, Hawthorne, Emerson, Whitman
Aus meinem Königreich: Tales from the Carpathian Mountains
The Dynasts: An Epic-Drama of the War with Napoleon
Plays: the Father; Countess Julie; the Outlaw; the Stronger
Dr. Sevier
The Mystery of the Sea
The Aspern Papers
The Shuttle
The Cherokee Nation of Indians. (1887 N 05 / 1883-1884 (pages 121-378))
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 02: In the Midst of Life: Tales of Soldiers and Civilians
A Manual of the Malay language: With an Introductory Sketch of the Sanskrit Element in Malay
The English Novel
Lost Leaders
The Madonna of the Future
The Pit Town Coronet: A Family Mystery, Volume 1 (of 3)
Jessica Trent's Inheritance
Welsh Fairy Tales
History Of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 1 (of 12)
The Woodlanders
Under the Greenwood Tree; Or, The Mellstock Quire: A Rural Painting of the Dutch School
Chocolate and Cocoa Recipes and Home Made Candy Recipes
Falling in Love; With Other Essays on More Exact Branches of Science
Pagan and Christian Rome
Red as a Rose is She: A Novel
Celtic Folklore: Welsh and Manx (Volume 1 of 2)
A Century of Sail and Steam on the Niagara River
The science of fairy tales : $b an inquiry into fairy mythology
Book of Wise Sayings: Selected Largely from Eastern Sources
A Little Princess: Being the whole story of Sara Crewe now told for the first time
Dutch Fairy Tales for Young Folks
Carpentry for Boys: In a Simple Language, Including Chapters on Drawing, Laying Out Work, Designing and Architecture With 250 Original Illustrations
He
The Lair of the White Worm
The Witchcraft Delusion in Colonial Connecticut (1647-1697)
Present at a Hanging and Other Ghost Stories
L'Assommoir
Emily Fox-Seton: Being "The Making of a Marchioness" and "The Methods of Lady Walderhurst"
The Lilac Fairy Book
More Conjuring: Simple Tricks for Social Gatherings
The Children of the Poor
The Homeric Hymns: A New Prose Translation; and Essays, Literary and Mythological
Neghborly Poems and Dialect Sketches
English Surnames: Their Sources and Significations
History of circumcision from the earliest times to the present : $b Moral and physical reasons for its performance, with a history of eunuchism, hermaphrodism, etc., and of the different operations practiced upon the prepuce
Time and Its Measurement
The Red Lily — Complete
The Conquest of Bread
An Historical Account of the Settlements of Scotch Highlanders in America
Zoological Mythology; or, The Legends of Animals, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Antichrist
Swiss Fairy Tales
John Bull's Womankind (Les Filles de John Bull)
The Colored Regulars in the United States Army
The Ladies' Paradise
Logic: Deductive and Inductive
The Theory of Social Revolutions
French Book-plates
Growing Up: A Story of the Girlhood of Judith Mackenzie
The Story of the Barbary Corsairs
Jukes-Edwards: A Study in Education and Heredity
A History of the Reformation (Vol. 1 of 2)
Human, All-Too-Human: A Book for Free Spirits, Part 1: Complete Works, Volume Six
The Flag Replaced on Sumter: A Personal Narrative
Bonaventure: A Prose Pastoral of Acadian Louisiana
Curious Epitaphs, Collected from the Graveyards of Great Britain and Ireland.
The Principles of Psychology, Volume 2 (of 2)
His Grace of Osmonde: Being the Portions of That Nobleman's Life Omitted in the Relation of His Lady's Story Presented to the World of Fashion under the Title of A Lady of Quality
The Gods are Athirst
The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ: The Philosophic and Practical Basis of the Religion of the Aquarian Age of the World and of The Church Universal
Under Fire
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry James
An African Millionaire: Episodes in the Life of the Illustrious Colonel Clay
Frederick Chopin, as a Man and Musician — Complete
Days of Heaven Upon Earth
The Story of the Heavens
The Fortune of the Rougons
Count Frontenac: Makers of Canada, Volume 3
Wild Bees, Wasps and Ants and Other Stinging Insects
The Physical Life of Woman: Advice to the Maiden, Wife and Mother
Pompeii, Its Life and Art
The Life of Joan of Arc, Vol. 1 and 2
The Seven Wives of Bluebeard: 1920
The Key to Success
The Old Soldier's Story: Poems and Prose Sketches
Birds and Man
South America To-day: A Study of Conditions, Social, Political and Commercial in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil
Primitive Psycho-Therapy and Quackery
What Maisie Knew
The Devil-Tree of El Dorado: A Novel
The Chaldean account of Genesis : $b Containing the description of the creation, the fall of man, the deluge, the tower of Babel, the times of the patriarchs
We Philologists: Complete Works of Friedrich Nietzsche, Volume 8
Vitus Bering: the Discoverer of Bering Strait
The Jewel of Seven Stars
Practical Mechanics for Boys
The Baby's Own Aesop
On the Future of our Educational Institutions
King Robert the Bruce
Transylvanian Superstitions: From: The Nineteenth Century (Vol. 18), London, July-December 1885, pp. 130-150
Flowers from a Persian Garden and Other Papers
With Fire and Sword: An Historical Novel of Poland and Russia
A guide to modern cookery
The Cathedral
A History of Advertising from the Earliest Times.
Bell's Cathedrals: A Short Account of Romsey Abbey: A Description of the Fabric and Notes on the History of the Convent of SS. Mary & Ethelfleda
The Dawn of a To-morrow
The Crimson Fairy Book
Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins: Now First Published
The Magic of the Horse-shoe, with other folk-lore notes
The Story of the Upper Canadian Rebellion, Volume 1
Last Words: A Final Collection of Stories
Renaissance in Italy, Volume 5 (of 7): Italian Literature, Part 2
About Orchids: A Chat
Taxidermy and Zoological Collecting: A Complete Handbook for the Amateur Taxidermist, Collector, Osteologist, Museum-Builder, Sportsman, and Traveller
How They Succeeded: Life Stories of Successful Men Told by Themselves
Ireland: The People's History of Ireland, Volume 1 (of 2)
Davy and the Goblin: What Followed Reading 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland'
On the Border with Crook
The Bostonians, Vol. I (of II)
A Handbook of the Cornish Language: chiefly in its latest stages with some account of its history and literature
An Essay Towards a Philosophy of Education: A Liberal Education for All
How to be Happy Though Married: Being a Handbook to Marriage
Myth, Ritual and Religion, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Peeps at Many Lands: Belgium
The Letters of William James, Vol. 1
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 3 (of 12)
The Altar of the Dead
The Victorious Attitude
The Letters of Henry James (Vol. I)
Getting Gold: A Gold-Mining Handbook for Practical Men
English Pharisees, French Crocodiles, and Other Anglo-French Typical Characters
Confidence
A Problem in Greek Ethics: Being an inquiry into the phenomenon of sexual inversion, addressed especially to medical psychologists and jurists
A History of Chinese Literature
The Knights of the Cross, or, Krzyzacy: Historical Romance
Sara Crewe: or, What Happened at Miss Minchin's Boarding School
The Wings of the Dove, Volume 1 of 2
X Y Z: A Detective Story
Wild Life in a Southern County
Home education
A little philosophy of life
Tartarin de Tarascon
The Poems of Alice Meynell
Essays in English Literature, 1780-1860
Zoological Mythology; or, The Legends of Animals, Volume 1 (of 2)
Of the Decorative Illustration of Books Old and New: 3rd ed.
The Library
The Lost Prince
Ocean Steamships: A popular account of their construction, development, management and appliances
Write It Right: A Little Blacklist of Literary Faults
Time and Tide: A Romance of the Moon
Dorothy on a House Boat
The Lesson of the Master
Architecture
The Law of Civilization and Decay: An Essay on History
Social Origins and Primal Law
Poems
The Well of Saint Clare
Recollections of a Busy Life: Being the Reminiscences of a Liverpool Merchant 1840-1910
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 01
Adrift in the Ice-Fields
Japanese Fairy World: Stories from the Wonder-Lore of Japan
In the Cage
Acres of Diamonds
The Age of Justinian and Theodora: A History of the Sixth Century A.D., Volume 2 (of 2)
Thoughts Out of Season, Part II
Money (L'Argent)
The story of Eros & Psyche (retold from Apuleius) : $b together with some early verses
Pagan and Christian Creeds: Their Origin and Meaning
Desperate Remedies
Green Fields and Running Brooks, and Other Poems
Roses and Rose Growing
The Awkward Age
Gideon's Band: A Tale of the Mississippi
The Witch of Salem; or, Credulity Run Mad
Odd Bits of Travel with Brush and Camera
The Mystery of Mary Stuart
A History, of the War of 1812-15 Between the United States and Great Britain
Proverb Lore: Many sayings, wise or otherwise, on many subjects, gleaned from many sources
Marianela
Travels and Adventures of Little Baron Trump and His Wonderful Dog Bulger
Village Life in China: A Study in Sociology
Looking Back: An Autobiography
The Scott Country
The sexual life of woman in its physiological, pathological and hygienic aspects
The Story of Siegfried
An Autobiography
Custom and Myth
Folkways: A Study of the Sociological Importance of Usages, Manners, Customs, Mores, and Morals
Cruisings in the Cascades: A Narrative of Travel, Exploration, Amateur Photography,; Hunting, and Fishing
The Coxon Fund
The Rhythm of Life, and Other Essays
Assyria: Its Princes, Priests and People: By-Paths of Bible Knowledge VII
Norse mythology; or, The religion of our forefathers, containing all the myths of the Eddas, systematized and interpreted
Poems of the Past and the Present
The Life of Nelson, Volume 1: The Embodiment of the Sea Power of Great Britain
Shakespeare's family
The Brown Fairy Book
My Experiences in Manipur and the Naga Hills
Annie Besant: An Autobiography
Four Short Stories By Emile Zola
More Science from an Easy Chair
Rambles in Womanland
Satires of Circumstance, Lyrics and Reveries, with Miscellaneous Pieces
Two on a Tower
China and the Chinese
The Case of Wagner: Complete Works, Volume 8
The Road to Damascus, a Trilogy
Sport and Work on the Nepaul Frontier: Twelve Years Sporting Reminiscences of an Indigo Planter
The Life of Nelson, Volume 2: The Embodiment of the Sea Power of Great Britain
Anglo-Saxon Primer, With Grammar, Notes, and Glossary: Eighth Edition Revised
Roderick Hudson
Under the Window: Pictures & Rhymes for Children
A Short History of French Literature
Domestic folk-lore
The Dwelling House
A Pluralistic Universe: Hibbert Lectures at Manchester College on the Present Situation in Philosophy
The Letters of Ambrose Bierce, With a Memoir by George Sterling
The Mushroom, Edible and Otherwise: Its Habitat and its Time of Growth
The Battle with the Slum
Psyche: The Cult of Souls and Belief in Immortality among the Greeks
Mutual Aid: A Factor of Evolution
The House That Jack Built: One of R. Caldecott's Picture Books
John March, Southerner
Lord Kelvin: An account of his scientific life and work
Copyright: Its History and Its Law
Sketches in Crude-oil: Some accidents and incidents of the petroleum development in all parts of the globe
The Latin Hymn-writers and Their Hymns
Wired Love: A Romance of Dots and Dashes
The happy six
The Path of the Law
Andersonville: A Story of Rebel Military Prisons
Menticulture; or, the A-B-C of True Living
Pioneers of Evolution from Thales to Huxley: With an Intermediate Chapter on the Causes of Arrest of the Movement
Samplers and Tapestry Embroideries: Second Edition
In Darkest Africa, Vol. 1; or, The Quest, Rescue, and Retreat of Emin, Governor of Equatoria
Manual of Egyptian Archaeology and Guide to the Study of Antiquities in Egypt
The Europeans
The Grandissimes
The Hudson: Three Centuries of History, Romance and Invention
A Mummer's Tale
Essays in Radical Empiricism
Microscopes and Accessory Apparatus: Catalogue No. 40
The Popular Religion and Folk-Lore of Northern India, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Evolution of the Idea of God: An Inquiry Into the Origins of Religions
The Story of the Mormons, from the Date of Their Origin to the Year 1901
A Country Doctor and Selected Stories and Sketches
Belgian Fairy Tales
Human Personality and Its Survival of Bodily Death
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistle to the Ephesians
India Through the Ages: A Popular and Picturesque History of Hindustan
Friedrich Nietzsche
The Explorers of Australia and their Life-work
The Book of Dreams and Ghosts
Illustrated Catalogue of the Collections Obtained from the Indians of New Mexico And Arizona in 1879: Second Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-81, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1883, pages 307-428
The Cavalier
Tales of Troy and Greece
Psychology: Briefer Course
Fantastic Fables
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 4 (of 12)
The Story of Norway
How to Get Strong and How to Stay So
The Cynic's Word Book
The pirate's gold
A Strange Disappearance
Strange True Stories of Louisiana
Artists' Wives
Intarsia and Marquetry
The religions of ancient Egypt and Babylonia
The Retrospect
The Recollections of a Drummer-Boy
The Story of Alchemy and the Beginnings of Chemistry
Electricity for Boys
Acrobats and Mountebanks
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 5. The Romantic School in France
The Pupil
A Short History of Russia
Julia And Her Romeo: A Chronicle Of Castle Barfield: From "Schwartz" by David Christie Murray
A Problem in Modern Ethics: Being an Inquiry into the Phenomenon of Sexual Inversion, Addressed Especially to Medical Psychologists and Jurists
The Christ: A Critical Review and Analysis of the Evidences of His Existence
Sappho: Memoir, text, selected renderings, and a literal translation
The growth of medicine from the earliest times to about 1800
Cobwebs from an Empty Skull
The Patriot (Piccolo Mondo Antico)
Kirkcaldy of Grange
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 2 (of 12)
The Tragic Muse
London Impressions: Etchings and Pictures in Photogravure
Thais
The Baby's Bouquet: A Fresh Bunch of Rhymes and Tunes
The Entailed Hat; Or, Patty Cannon's Times
Little Mr. Thimblefinger and His Queer Country
The Balladists
Green Mansions: A Romance of the Tropical Forest
His Excellency the Minister
The Nabob, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Heriot's Choice: A Tale
Strange Stories
The Ornithology of Shakespeare: Critically examined, explained and illustrated
The Great Pestilence (A.D. 1348-9), Now Commonly Known as the Black Death
The Orange Fairy Book
An Autobiography of Buffalo Bill (Colonel W. F. Cody)
Getting at the Inner Man, and, Fifty Years on the Lecture Platform
Quintus Claudius: A Romance of Imperial Rome. Volume 1
A Short Biographical Dictionary of English Literature
New Italian sketches
The Last Words (Real and Traditional) of Distinguished Men and Women
Prehistoric Textile Art of Eastern United States: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Beaurau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution 1891-1892, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 3-46
The Forest Schoolmaster
The Evolution of Modern Medicine: A Series of Lectures Delivered at Yale University on the Silliman Foundation in April, 1913
The Story of Ireland
Putnam's Handy Law Book for the Layman
William Shakespeare: A Critical Study
The Absurd ABC
'That Very Mab'
Adrift in the Wilds; Or, The Adventures of Two Shipwrecked Boys
Palestine
The Frog Prince and Other Stories
Chronological Retrospect of the History of Yarmouth and Neighbourhood: from A.D. 46 to 1884
The Flower of the Mind
The Story of My Heart: An Autobiography
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Complete
The Creative Process in the Individual
The Edinburgh Lectures on Mental Science
Initial Studies in American Letters
Strange Pages from Family Papers
Picture and Text: 1893
The Story of Chautauqua
Curiosities of Puritan Nomenclature
The Lady of the Shroud
Early Israel and the Surrounding Nations
The Interest of America in Sea Power, Present and Future
Modern English biography, volume 1 (of 4), A-H
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Thomas Hardy
The Saint
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Complete
The Fern Lover's Companion: A Guide for the Northeastern States and Canada
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 6 (of 12)
Sketches and Studies in Italy and Greece, Complete: Series I, II, and III
The Hero of Esthonia and Other Studies in the Romantic Literature of That Country
Esoteric Christianity, or The Lesser Mysteries
The First Afghan War
Heroes of Science: Chemists
Mysterious Psychic Forces: An Account of the Author's Investigations in Psychical Research, Together with Those of Other European Savants
Highways and Byways in the Border: Illustrated
Hawthorne: (English Men of Letters Series)
The Adventures of Hajji Baba of Ispahan
When Life Was Young: At the Old Farm in Maine
Ku Klux Klan Secrets Exposed: Attitude toward Jews, Catholics, Foreigners and Masons. Fraudulent Methods Used. Atrocities Committed in Name of Order.
A Study of the Textile Art in Its Relation to the Development of Form and Ornament: Sixth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1884-'85, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1888, (pages 189-252)
Gabriel Tolliver: A Story of Reconstruction
History of the Postage Stamps of the United States of America
Louis XIV and La Grande Mademoiselle, 1652-1693
A Primer of Assyriology
The Christian Creed; or, What it is Blasphemy to Deny
Woman and Socialism
English Translations of Works of Emile Zola: An Index to the Project Gutenberg Works of Zola in English
The Brownies: Their Book
Abbe Mouret's Transgression
Six Centuries of English Poetry: Tennyson to Chaucer
The Southern Soldier Boy: A Thousand Shots for the Confederacy
Pawnee Hero Stories and Folk-Tales: With notes on the origin, customs and character of the Pawnee people
Pan Michael: An Historical Novel of Poland, the Ukraine, and Turkey
Architects of Fate; Or, Steps to Success and Power
Le Petit Chose (Histoire d'un Enfant)
Horace Walpole: A memoir: With an appendix of books printed at the Strawberry Hill Press
Homer and Classical Philology
Child Life in Town and Country: 1909
The Letters of William James, Vol. 2
Kenneth McAlpine: A Tale of Mountain, Moorland and Sea
A Cathedral Singer
The Makers of Canada: Champlain
Voyage of the Liberdade
Some Diversions of a Man of Letters
Peck's Sunshine: Being a Collection of Articles Written for Peck's Sun,; Milwaukee, Wis. - 1882
Where Art Begins
The Rush for the Spoil (La Curée): A Realistic Novel
The Trumpet-Major
The Purple Land: Being the Narrative of One Richard Lamb's Adventures in The Banda Orientál, in South America, as Told By Himself
Bird Day; How to prepare for it
A Short History of Spain
Logic, Inductive and Deductive
Rodman the Keeper: Southern Sketches
The Courier of the Ozarks
From School to Battle-field: A Story of the War Days
Historic Fredericksburg: The Story of an Old Town
The Soil (La terre): A Realistic Novel
An Introduction to Yoga
Jack Harkaway and His Son's Escape from the Brigands of Greece
Museum of Antiquity: A Description of Ancient Life
Woman under socialism
Constantinople, painted by Warwick Goble, described by Alexander Van Millingen
Andersonville diary : $b escape, and list of the dead, with name, co., regiment, date of death and no. of grave in cemetery
An International Episode
A History of Elizabethan Literature
Children's Ways: Being selections from the author's "Studies of childhood," with some additional matter
Belgium
History of Gujarát: Gazetteer of the Bombay Presidency, Volume I, Part I.
Sexual Neuroses
The Choctaw Freedmen and the Story of Oak Hill Industrial Academy
Canned Fruit, Preserves, and Jellies: Household Methods of Preparation
Renaissance in Italy, Volume 4 (of 7): Italian Literature, Part 1
Cakes & Ale: A Dissertation on Banquets Interspersed with Various Recipes, More or Less Original, and anecdotes, mainly veracious
Fletcherism: What It Is; Or, How I Became Young at Sixty
Memoirs of Bertha von Suttner: The Records of an Eventful Life (Vol. 1 of 2)
The Colour of Life
The Mind of the Child, Part II: The Development of the Intellect, International Education; Series Edited By William T. Harris, Volume IX.
Birds in Town & Village
The Story of Eclipses
The Red Room
Practical Bookbinding
Clio
The World's Desire
The Case for India
The Major Operations of the Navies in the War of American Independence
A History of French Literature: Short Histories of the Literatures of the World: II.
Byzantine Churches in Constantinople: Their History and Architecture
Increasing Personal Efficiency
The Captain of the Janizaries: A story of the times of Scanderberg and the fall of Constantinople
The Angel in the Cloud
An Adventure
Penguin Island
Youth: Its Education, Regimen, and Hygiene
A Century Too Soon: The Age of Tyranny
Game Birds and Game Fishes of the Pacific Coast
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Ambrose Bierce
The Roman Festivals of the Period of the Republic: An Introduction to the Study of the Religion of the Romans
Automobiles
Manual of Taxidermy: A Complete Guide in Collecting and Preserving Birds and Mammals
Niels Lyhne
Robin
Balthasar and Other Works - 1909
A Floral Fantasy in an Old English Garden
The Jesuits, 1534-1921: A History of the Society of Jesus from Its Foundation to the Present Time
The Bases of Design
Life's Little Ironies: A set of tales with some colloquial sketches entitled A Few Crusted Characters
On English Homophones: Society for Pure English, Tract 02
Summer Cruising in the South Seas
The Nabob
Thoughts out of Season, Part I
Wealth of the World's Waste Places and Oceania
Sandwiches
Wessex Tales
Daily Strength for Daily Needs
Irish Wonders: The Ghosts, Giants, Pooka, Demons, Leprechawns, Banshees, Fairies, Witches, Widows, Old Maids, and other Marvels of the Emerald Isle
The Baby's Opera
Folk-lore of Shakespeare
Aspects and Impressions
The Shinto Cult: A Christian Study of the Ancient Religion of Japan
History of English Literature from "Beowulf" to Swinburne
Scatalogic Rites of All Nations: A dissertation upon the employment of excrementitious remedial agents in religion, therapeutics, divination, witchcraft, love-philters, etc., in all parts of the globe
A Popular History of Astronomy During the Nineteenth Century: Fourth Edition
The Sword of Damocles: A Story of New York Life
Lumen
A Narrative of the Captivity and Adventures of John Tanner (U.S. Interpreter at the Saut de Ste. Marie): During Thirty Years Residence among the Indians in the Interior of North America
A Cynic Looks at Life
The Circular Study
Lights and Shadows of New York Life: or, the Sights and Sensations of the Great City
The King's Post: Being a volume of historical facts relating to the posts, mail coaches, coach roads, and railway mail services of and connected with the ancient city of Bristol from 1580 to the present time
Ku Klux Klan: Its Origin, Growth and Disbandment
Famous Impostors
I don't know, do you?
Prince Zilah — Complete
Prolegomena to the History of Israel
Madame Delphine
Real Ghost Stories
Over the Rocky Mountains to Alaska
The Shores of the Adriatic: The Austrian Side, The Küstenlande, Istria, and Dalmatia
"1812" : $b Napoleon I in Russia
A Story of the Golden Age
Modern English biography, volume 2 (of 4), I-Q
Wessex Poems and Other Verses
A Celtic Psaltery: Being Mainly Renderings in English Verse from Irish & Welsh Poetry
Prehistoric Textile Fabrics Of The United States, Derived From Impressions On Pottery: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1881-82, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1884, pages 393-425
London and the Kingdom - Volume 1: A History Derived Mainly from the Archives at Guildhall in the Custody of the Corporation of the City of London.
Miss Cayley's Adventures
Fresh Light from the Ancient Monuments: A Sketch of the Most Striking Confirmations of the Bible, From Recent Discoveries in Egypt, Palestine, Assyria, Babylonia, Asia Minor
Village Life in America 1852-1872, Including the Period of the American Civil War: As Told in the Diary of a School-Girl
"Boots and Saddles"; Or, Life in Dakota with General Custer
Thinking and learning to think
Present at a Hanging and Other Ghost Stories
Lilith: The Legend of the First Woman
The Death of the Lion
Tales of the Punjab: Folklore of India
A History of English Romanticism in the Eighteenth Century
A history of the Japanese people : $b from the earliest times to the end of the Meiji era
Aristotle and Ancient Educational Ideals
The Sisters of Lady Jane Grey and Their Wicked Grandfather: Being the True Stories of the Strange Lives of Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk, and the Ladies Katherine and Mary Grey, sisters
Bee: The Princess of the Dwarfs
The Dynamiter
English Embroidered Bookbindings
The Bostonians, Vol. II (of II)
Lafcadio Hearn
What you can do with your will power
Tessa Wadsworth's Discipline: A Story of the Development of a Young Girl's Life
Mollie's Prince: A Novel
Greater Britain: A Record of Travel in English-Speaking Countries During 1866-7
His Excellency [Son Exc. Eugène Rougon]
Narrative of My Captivity Among the Sioux Indians
A Forgotten Empire (Vijayanagar): A Contribution to the History of India
Plays by August Strindberg: Creditors. Pariah.
Ancient and Modern Physics
The Brass Bound Box
Lay Down Your Arms: The Autobiography of Martha von Tilling
Walter Crane's Painting Book: Containing twelve coloured and twelve outline full-page plates
Dardistan in 1866, 1886 and 1893: Being an account of the history, religions, customs, legends, fables, and songs of Gilgit, Chilas, Kandia (Gabrial), Dasin, Chitral, Hunsa, Nagyr, and other parts of the Hindukush, as also a supplement to the second edition of the Hunza and Nagyr handbook and an epitome of part III of the author's "The languages and races of Dardistan"
Guatemala : $b the land of the quetzal; a sketch
Miscellanea
The Forsaken Inn: A Novel
Latin America and the United States: Addresses by Elihu Root
Cuba Past and Present
Praying for Money
A Virginia Cousin, & Bar Harbor Tales
The Evolutionist at Large
The Land of Enchantment: From Pike's Peak to the Pacific
The Man
A Laodicean : A Story of To-day
The Head of the House of Coombe
A Frog He Would A-Wooing Go
Italian Popular Tales
Our Children: Scenes from the Country and the Town
Early Days in North Queensland
Curiosities of the American Stage
The adventures of Captain Mago; or, a Phoenician expedition, B.C. 1000
Toadstools, mushrooms, fungi, edible and poisonous; one thousand American fungi: How to select and cook the edible; how to distinguish and avoid the poisonous, with full botanic descriptions. Toadstool poisons and their treatment, instructions to students, recipes for cooking, etc., etc.
A history of socialism
The Brown Fairy Book
Heroes Every Child Should Know
Ester Ried Yet Speaking
Citizen Bird: Scenes from Bird-Life in Plain English for Beginners
Illustrated Catalogue of the Collections Obtained from the Pueblos of Zuñi, New Mexico, and Wolpi, Arizona, in 1881: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1881-82, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1884, pages 511-594
The sexual question : $b A scientific, psychological, hygienic and sociological study
The Butterfly Book: A Popular Guide to a Knowledge of the Butterflies of North America
Wednesday the Tenth, A Tale of the South Pacific
The Quest for a Lost Race
The Story of a Pioneer
John Bull, Junior; or, French as She is Traduced
Julia Ward Howe, 1819-1910
A Lady of Quality: Being a Most Curious, Hitherto Unknown History, as Related by Mr. Isaac Bickerstaff but Not Presented to the World of Fashion Through the Pages of The Tatler, and Now for the First Time Written Down
The Poems of Emma Lazarus, Volume 2: Jewish poems: Translations
The Caravan Route between Egypt and Syria
Desserts and Salads
My Path to Atheism
A Little Boy Lost
At home with the Patagonians : $b a year's wanderings over untrodden ground from the Straits of Magellan to the Rio Negro
Surrey: Painted by Sutton Palmer; Described by A.R. Hope Moncrieff
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 4. Naturalism in England
Luther, vol. 1 of 6
Winnetou, the Apache Knight
Life of Charles Dickens
Marguerite
The Hidden Power, and Other Papers upon Mental Science
The Story of American History for Elementary Schools
Wood and Garden: Notes and thoughts, practical and critical, of a working amateur
The Border and the Buffalo: An Untold Story of the Southwest Plains: The Bloody Border of Missouri and Kansas. The Story of the Slaughter of the Buffalo. Westward among the Big Game and Wild Tribes. A Story of Mountain and Plain
The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women
Chinese Sketches
T. Tembarom
The Cost of Shelter
Dick in the Everglades
Renaissance in Italy, Volume 1 (of 7): The Age of the Despots
A Daughter of the Forest
Medical Life in the Navy
Southerly Busters
Old Man Savarin Stories: Tales of Canada and Canadians
Shapes of Clay
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 9 (of 12)
Reminiscences of a Rebel
Nicolo Paganini: His Life and Work
Fan : The Story of a Young Girl's Life
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Complete
The Dream
The golden spears, and other fairy tales
En Route
Children's Rhymes, Children's Games, Children's Songs, Children's Stories: A Book for Bairns and Big Folk
Tartarin on the Alps
Urania
The Remarkable History of the Hudson's Bay Company: Including that of the French Traders of North-Western Canada and of the North-West, XY, and Astor Fur Companies
The Bible: I. Authenticity II. Credibility III. Morality
Omega: The Last days of the World
Thrice wedded, but only once a wife
Business Hints for Men and Women
Further Adventures of Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason Corner Folks
William Lloyd Garrison, the Abolitionist
Thunder and Lightning
Anthropology and the Classics: Six Lectures Delivered Before the University of Oxford
The Ladies' Paradise: A Realistic Novel
Illustrated history of ancient literature, oriental and classical
My Double Life: The Memoirs of Sarah Bernhardt
Fruitfulness
The Life Story of an Old Rebel
Death—and After?
The Campaign of 1776 around New York and Brooklyn: Including a new and circumstantial account of the battle of Long island and the loss of New York, with a review of events to the close of the year
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Numbers
Minimum Gauge Railways
Sara Crewe; Or, What Happened at Miss Minchin's Boarding School
The Well-Beloved: A Sketch of a Temperament
General History for Colleges and High Schools
Cassell's Vegetarian Cookery: A Manual of Cheap and Wholesome Diet
Marigold Garden
Si Klegg, Book 2: Thru the Stone River Campaign and in Winter Quarters at Murfreesboro
Coal, and What We Get from It
Curious Facts in the History of Insects; Including Spiders and Scorpions.: A Complete Collection of the Legends, Superstitions, Beliefs, and Ominous Signs Connected with Insects; Together with Their Uses in Medicine, Art, and as Food; and a Summary of Their Remarkable Injuries and Appearances.
Ethics and Modern Thought: A Theory of Their Relations
Studies in Folk-Song and Popular Poetry
Piping hot! (Pot-bouille) : $b a realistic novel
Icelandic Primer with Grammar, Notes and Glossary
Bygone Punishments
An Englishman in Paris: Notes and Recollections
The Swan and Her Crew: or The Adventures of Three Young Naturalists and Sportsmen on the Broads and Rivers of Norfolk
The Printed Book: Its History, Illustration and Adornment: From the Days of Gutenberg to the Present Time
In Connection with the De Willoughby Claim
Life of John Keats: His Life and Poetry, His Friends, Critics and After-Fame
Quintus Claudius: A Romance of Imperial Rome. Volume 2
William Morris to Whistler: Papers and addresses on art and craft and the commonweal.
Introduction to the study of the history of language
British Popular Customs, Present and Past: Illustrating the Social and Domestic Manners of the People. Arranged According to the Calendar of the Year.
Hardtack and coffee : $b or, the unwritten story of Army life, including chapters on enlisting, life in tents and log huts, jonahs and beats, offences and punishments, raw recruits, foraging, corps and corps badges, the wagon trains, the Army mule, the Engineer Corps, the Signal Corps, etc.
Letters to Dead Authors
Saved at sea : $b a lighthouse story
A Short History of France
The Last Cruise of the Saginaw
Legends of Ma-ui—a demi god of Polynesia, and of his mother Hina
The Popular Religion and Folk-Lore of Northern India, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Hilda Wade, a Woman with Tenacity of Purpose
There Are Crimes and Crimes
Homer and His Age
The Facts of Reconstruction
The Country of the Neutrals: (As Far As Comprised in the County of Elgin),  From Champlain to Talbot
The American Revolution
The Nine Days' Queen, Lady Jane Grey, and Her Times
Twenty-five years in the Secret Service: The recollections of a spy
Books and Bookmen
Sara Crewe; Or, What Happened at Miss Minchin's
Dorothy's House Party
Alaska Days with John Muir
Almost a Woman
Ben Pepper
Explorers and Travellers
Fifty-One Years of Victorian Life
Let us follow Him
Shinto (the Way of the Gods)
Marriage, As It Was, As It Is, and As It Should Be: A Plea for Reform
English Heraldic Book-stamps
A Singular Life
King René d'Anjou and His Seven Queens
The House by the Medlar-Tree
Racketty-Packetty House, as Told by Queen Crosspatch
Eugene Field, a Study in Heredity and Contradictions — Volume 1
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 7 (of 12)
The Pharaoh and the Priest: An Historical Novel of Ancient Egypt
The Shakespearean Myth: William Shakespeare and Circumstantial Evidence
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 2. The Romantic School in Germany
Marigold's decision
History of the Donner Party: A Tragedy of the Sierra
Married
The Three Cities Trilogy, Complete: Lourdes, Rome and Paris
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 08: Negligible Tales, On With the Dance, Epigrams
Deephaven and Selected Stories & Sketches
The War of Independence
Jewish Theology, Systematically and Historically Considered
Hania
Descriptive Catalogue of Photographs of North American Indians
Guilds in the Middle Ages
Studies of the Greek Poets (Vol 2 of 2)
A Book for the Hammock
The Seminole Indians of Florida: Fifth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1883-84, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1887, pages 469-532
Speeches and Addresses of H. R. H. the Prince of Wales: 1863-1888
The Deluge: An Historical Novel of Poland, Sweden, and Russia. Vol. 1
Animal Intelligence: The International Scientific Series, Vol. XLIV.
Out of the Hurly-Burly; Or, Life in an Odd Corner
Illuminated manuscripts in classical and mediaeval times, their art and their technique
Roraima and British Guiana, With a Glance at Bermuda, the West Indies, and the Spanish Main
The Sunny Side of Diplomatic Life, 1875-1912
The Launch Boys' Adventures in Northern Waters
A Small Boy and Others
Jupiter Lights
The Life and Letters of Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Volume 2 (of 2)
Our British Snails
The Inferno
Zones of the Spirit: A Book of Thoughts
The age of the crusades
The Aspirations of Jean Servien
Cock Lane and Common-Sense
The Adventure of Two Dutch Dolls and a 'Golliwogg'
That Lass O' Lowrie's: 1877
Roman Society from Nero to Marcus Aurelius
Dorothy at Skyrie
Saragossa: A Story of Spanish Valor
Hearts of Controversy
Father and Son: A Study of Two Temperaments
Historic Papers on the Causes of the Civil War
'Way Down East: A Romance of New England Life
The Future of Islam
India's Problem, Krishna or Christ
In the Van; or, The Builders
Rowlandson the Caricaturist; a Selection from His Works. Vol. 1
Twenty Years' Residence among the People of Turkey: Bulgarians, Greeks, Albanians, Turks, and Armenians
The White People
The Marriages
Algonquin Indian Tales
Anglo-Saxon Britain
The King's Men: A Tale of To-morrow
Joyce's Investments: A Story for Girls
The Discovery of America Vol. 1 (of 2): with some account of Ancient America and the Spanish Conquest
The Critical Period of American History
Neighbors: Life Stories of the Other Half
King of Camargue
Famous Frosts and Frost Fairs in Great Britain: Chronicled from the Earliest to the Present Time
Lively plays for live people
A History of English Romanticism in the Nineteenth Century
The Brownies and Other Tales
The Book-lover: A Guide to the Best Reading
History of the Moorish Empire in Europe, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Andersons : $b Brother and sister
The Parenticide Club
For Every Music Lover: A Series of Practical Essays on Music
Outlines of the Earth's History: A Popular Study in Physiography
The Baby's Own Aesop
Children of the Tenements
Hurlbut's Bible Lessons for Boys and Girls
The Spoils of Poynton
Great Musical Composers: German, French, and Italian
Intimate China: The Chinese as I Have Seen Them
The Confession of a Fool
Saint Abe and His Seven Wives: A Tale of Salt Lake City, with a Bibliographical Note
Historical Miniatures
History of Holland
The Great German Composers
Brief History of English and American Literature
Every Man His Own University
A Short History of H.M.S. Victory
Insula Sanctorum et Doctorum; Or, Ireland's Ancient Schools and Scholars
Satan's Invisible World Displayed; or, Despairing Democracy: A Study of Greater New York
The Tory Lover
Gunpowder and Ammunition, Their Origin and Progress
The Joy of Life [La joie de vivre]
The Downfall (La Débâcle): A Story of the Horrors of War
The clipper ship era: an epitome of famous American and British clipper ships, their owners, builders, commanders, and crews, 1843-1869
Eugene Field, a Study in Heredity and Contradictions — Volume 2
Wilmot and Tilley
In Château Land
Three Years in the Federal Cavalry
Hand and Ring
Friend Mac Donald
The life, letters and work of Frederic Leighton. Volume II
Art in Shell of the Ancient Americans: Second annual report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-81, pages 179-306
On an Irish Jaunting-Car Through Donegal and Connemara
The Art and Practice of Hawking
The Golden Slipper, and Other Problems for Violet Strange
A Love Episode
Homer's Odyssey: A Commentary
The Beckoning Hand, and Other Stories
Voices in the Night
A Changed Heart: A Novel
Myth-Land
Captain Cuellar's Adventures in Connaught & Ulster A.D. 1588.: To Which Is Added an Introduction and Complete Translation of Captain Cuellar's Narrative of the Spanish Armada and His Adventures in Ireland
An International Episode
The Psychology of Revolution
Helen of Troy
The Lilac Fairy Book
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Complete
The Gold Of Fairnilee
The history of England, from the accession of George III. to the close of Pitt's first administration, 1760-1801
Sea Power in its Relations to the War of 1812. Volume 1
Degeneracy: Its Causes, Signs and Results
Directions for Collecting and Preserving Insects
The Gates of India: Being an Historical Narrative
Legends from River & Mountain
Masterpieces of the masters of fiction
Legends That Every Child Should Know; a Selection of the Great Legends of All Times for Young People
Dewey and Other Naval Commanders
Siouan Sociology
Queen Summer; Or, The Tourney of the Lily and the Rose
The Immortal; Or, One of the "Forty.": (L'immortel) - 1877
Lost Man's Lane: A Second Episode in the Life of Amelia Butterworth
The Pit Town Coronet: A Family Mystery, Volume 2 (of 3)
Myths and Dreams
Gods and Heroes; or, The Kingdom of Jupiter
The Influence of Sea Power upon the French Revolution and Empire 1793-1812, vol 1
Old Virginia and Her Neighbours, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Crimes and Punishments: Including a New Translation of Beccaria's 'Dei Delitti e delle Pene'
Florentine palaces & their stories
Nature readers : $b Sea-side and way-side. No. 4
Jackanapes
Heath's Modern Language Series: Mariucha
Dangers of the Trail in 1865: A Narrative of Actual Events
The Wives of Henry the Eighth and the Parts They Played in History
Hospital Sketches
The Old-Fashioned Fairy Book
A Chambermaid's Diary
Celtic Folklore: Welsh and Manx (Volume 2 of 2)
Corea: The Hermit Nation
The Poems of Emma Lazarus, Volume 1
A Crystal Age
Five Little Peppers Grown Up
Four Great Americans: Washington, Franklin, Webster, Lincoln: A Book for Young Americans
Blackfeet Indian Stories
Deeds that Won the Empire: Historic Battle Scenes
Ceremonial of Hasjelti Dailjis and Mythical Sand Painting of the Navajo Indians
Five Little Peppers at School
Historic Boys: Their Endeavours, Their Achievements, and Their Times
My Dark Companions and Their Strange Stories
A History of the Reformation (Vol. 2 of 2)
Friendship and Folly: A Novel
The Prolongation of Life: Optimistic Studies
Music and Its Masters
The Greek Philosophers, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Plays of W. E. Henley and R. L. Stevenson
A Set of Rogues: Namely Christopher Sutton, John Dawson, the Señor Don Sanchez Del Castillo De Castelaña and Moll Dawson; Their Wicked Conspiracy, and a True Account of Their Travels and Adventures
Abraham Lincoln: The People's Leader in the Struggle for National Existence
Types of Naval Officers, Drawn from the History of the British Navy
Marion's Faith.
Three Boys in the Wild North Land
Hypolympia; Or, The Gods in the Island, an Ironic Fantasy
Twenty-Five Cent Dinners for Families of Six
The Canadian Portrait Gallery - Volume 3 (of 4)
Dante: Six Sermons
Myth, Ritual And Religion, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Letters of Henry James (Vol. II)
The monk and the hangman's daughter
A Trip to Mars
The Campaign of the Forty-fifth Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteer Militia: "The Cadet Regiment"
Thoughts out of Season, Part I: David Strauss, the Confessor and the Writer - Richard Wagner in Bayreuth.
Dagonet Abroad
The American scene
Parents and children
The Life of Michelangelo Buonarroti
The Christmas Story from David Harum
Italy, the Magic Land
The Woodlands Orchids, Described and Illustrated: With Stories of Orchid-Collecting
Custom and Myth: New Edition
Secret History of the English Occupation of Egypt: Being a Personal Narrative of Events
In Darkest Africa, Vol. 2; or, The Quest, Rescue, and Retreat of Emin, Governor of Equatoria
The Century of the Child
The Greek Philosophers, Vol. 2 (of 2)
From an Easy Chair
The Authoritative Life of General William Booth, Founder of the Salvation Army
The Adventures of Akbar
The Milkmaid: R. Caldecott's Picture Books
Ten Tales
A Confederate Girl's Diary
Lives of Poor Boys Who Became Famous
Under the Shadow of Etna: Sicilian Stories from the Italian of Giovanni Verga
Old Church Lore
Interrupted
Spain, v. 1 (of 2)
The Right to Be Lazy, and Other Studies
Told by Uncle Remus: New Stories of the Old Plantation
Outdoor Life and Indian Stories: Making open air life attractive to young Americans by telling them all about woodcraft, signs and signaling, the stars, fishing, camping, camp cooking, how to tie knots and how to make fire without matches, and many other fascinating open air pursuits. Also, stories of noted hunters and scouts, great indians and warriors, including Daniel Boone, Kit Carson, General Custer, Pontiac, Tecumseh, King Philip, Black Hawk, Brandt, Sitting Bull, and a host of others whose names are famous; all of them true and interesting
Hawaiian Legends of Volcanoes (mythology): Collected and translated from the Hawaiian
The Pirates of Malabar, and an Englishwoman in India Two Hundred Years Ago
John Knox and the Reformation
Nye and Riley's Wit and Humor (Poems and Yarns)
A History of Nineteenth Century Literature (1780-1895)
Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper: Autobiography, experiences and observations of Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock during his fifty years of hunting and trapping.
The Universe a Vast Electric Organism
School Reading by Grades: Sixth Year
Tobacco and Alcohol: I. It Does Pay to Smoke.  II. The Coming Man Will Drink Wine.
History of the Negro Race in America from 1619 to 1880. Vol 1: Negroes as Slaves, as Soldiers, and as Citizens
Political and Literary essays, 1908-1913
Memories and Studies
The Gulf and Inland Waters: The Navy in the Civil War. Volume 3.
The Expositor's Bible: The Gospel According to St. Mark
Autobiography of Countess Tolstoy
The Idea of God as Affected by Modern Knowledge
The Daughter of Heaven
The Monomaniac (La bête humaine)
The adventures of Dora Bell, detective
Abraham Lincoln, Volume II
Hero Tales
The Way of Salvation in the Lutheran Church
The Return of the Native
The Religious Experience of the Roman People: From the Earliest Times to the Age of Augustus
The Merrie Tales of Jacques Tournebroche
The Genus Pinus
India, Its Life and Thought
Right on the Scaffold, or The Martyrs of 1822: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 7
A History of English Versification
Plays by August Strindberg, Third Series
Italian Alps: Sketches in the Mountains of Ticino, Lombardy, the Trentino, and Venetia
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 3. The Reaction in France
Job and Solomon: Or, The Wisdom of the Old Testament
Everyday birds: Elementary studies
Memoirs of a revolutionist
The British Barbarians
History of Kershaw's Brigade: With Complete Roll of Companies, Biographical Sketches, Incidents, Anecdotes, etc.
Henry Hudson: A Brief Statement of His Aims and His Achievements
The Making Of A Novelist: An Experiment In Autobiography
A London Life, and Other Tales
The Cruise of the Land-Yacht "Wanderer"; or, Thirteen Hundred Miles in my Caravan
The English Novel and the Principle of its Development
The Expositor's Bible: Judges and Ruth
Hurlbut's Life of Christ For Young and Old: A Complete Life of Christ Written in Simple Language, Based on the Gospel Narrative
Medical Jurisprudence, Forensic medicine and Toxicology. Vol. 1
Sir Walter Scott
Journey to Lhasa and Central Tibet
The Romantic Adventures of a Milkmaid
The Adventures of Joel Pepper
Twenty-One Days in India, or, the Tour Of Sir Ali Baba K.C.B.; and, the Teapot Series
A Short History of Scotland
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 8 (of 12)
A Sheaf of Corn
Jewish Literature and Other Essays
Parson Kelly
Comparative Religion
Studies of the Greek Poets (Vol 1 of 2)
A Son of the Gods, and A Horseman in the Sky
Nature Near London
The Life and Times of John Wilkins: Warden of Wadham College, Oxford; Master of Trinity College, Cambridge; and Bishop of Chester
The cult of incompetence
The Brownies and Prince Florimel; Or, Brownieland, Fairyland, and Demonland
Earliest Years at Vassar: Personal Recollections
Magic and Religion
Cædwalla; or, The Saxons in the Isle of Wight: A Tale
Ideals in Art: Papers Theoretical, Practical, Critical
Buffalo Bill, Peacemaker; Or, On a Troublesome Trail
Books and their makers during the Middle Ages : $b A study of the conditions of the production and distribution of literature from the fall of the Roman Empire to the close of the seventeenth century, Vol. I
Vanished Arizona: Recollections of the Army Life by a New England Woman
The Children
The Civilization of China
Introduction to the Compleat Angler
Early Bardic Literature, Ireland.
Recollections of My Childhood and Youth
The Folk-lore of Plants
Creation and Its Records: A Brief Statement of Christian Belief with Reference to Modern Facts and Ancient Scripture
Christianity: Its Evidences, Its Origin, Its Morality, Its History
Books and Culture
The Mystery of the Hasty Arrow
The First Landing on Wrangel Island: With Some Remarks on the Northern Inhabitants
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Saint Albans: With an Account of the Fabric & a Short History of the Abbey
Reels and Spindles: A Story of Mill Life
Peculiarities of American Cities
Within the Rim, and Other Essays, 1914-15
Whirlpools: A Novel of Modern Poland
Lady Barbarina, The Siege of London, An International Episode, and Other Tales
The Egypt of the Hebrews and Herodotos
Bessie among the Mountains
The Court of Philip IV.: Spain in Decadence
On the Future of our Educational Institutions; Homer and Classical Philology: Complete Works, Volume Three
Marie Grubbe, a Lady of the Seventeenth Century
Another Brownie Book
London's Underworld
The Reverberator
Our Catholic Heritage in English Literature of Pre-Conquest Days
The Farmer's Boy: One of R. Caldecott's picture books
The Story of the Duchess of Cicogne and of Monsieur de Boulingrin: 1920
Skipper Worse
Anne: A Novel
Ancient Chinese account of the Grand Canyon, or course of the Colorado
Capturing a Locomotive: A History of Secret Service in the Late War.
The Adventures of Buffalo Bill
Royal English Bookbindings
Turner
Byron: The Last Phase
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John Fiske
English Hours
The story of my house
Five Little Peppers Midway
Field and Hedgerow: Being the Last Essays of Richard Jefferies
Explorations in Australia: 1.-Explorations in search of Dr. Leichardt and party. 2.-From Perth to Adelaide, around the great Australian bight. 3.-From Champion Bay, across the desert to the telegraph and to Adelaide. With an appendix on the condition of Western Australia.
Plays by August Strindberg, Second series
History of Egypt, Chaldæa, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria, Volume 5 (of 12)
We and the World: A Book for Boys. Part I
That Affair Next Door
Hawthorn and Lavender, with Other Verses
Embarrassments
A Child's Book of Saints
Sea Power in its Relations to the War of 1812. Volume 2
Ancient Pottery of the Mississippi Valley: Fourth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1882-83, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1886, pages 361-436
Life on the Stage: My Personal Experiences and Recollections
Cathedral Cities of France
Motors
Life's Basis and Life's Ideal: The Fundamentals of a New Philosophy of Life
The Expositor's Bible: The General Epistles of St. James and St. Jude
Byzantine Constantinople, the walls of the city and adjoining historical sites
The great masters of Russian literature in the nineteenth century
The March of Portola and the Discovery of the Bay of San Francisco
The Queen Pedauque
The Downfall
The Baronet's Bride; Or, A Woman's Vengeance
Renaissance in Italy, Volumes 6 and 7 (of 7): The Catholic Reaction
The People's Common Sense Medical Adviser in Plain English: or, Medicine Simplified, 54th ed., One Million, Six Hundred; and Fifty Thousand
Historical Mysteries
History of the United States, Volume 5
A History of the French Novel, Vol. 1: From the Beginning to 1800
Uncle Daniel's Story Of "Tom" Anderson, and Twenty Great Battles
Is The Bible Worth Reading, and Other Essays
Lost in the Cañon: The Story of Sam Willett's Adventures on the Great Colorado of the West
Tent Work in Palestine: A Record of Discovery and Adventure
Constantinople, v. 1 (of 2)
The engineer's sketch-book of mechanical movements, devices, appliances, contrivances and details employed in the design and construction of machinery for every purpose : $b classified & arranged for reference for the use of engineers, mechanical draughtsmen, managers, mechanics, inventors, patent agents, and all engaged in the mechanical arts
Egyptian Art: Studies
Sexual ethics
The ideal book or book beautiful : $b A tract on calligraphy printing and illustration & on the book beautiful as a whole
America, Through the Spectacles of an Oriental Diplomat
Miss Parloa's New Cook Book
My Life In The South
Story of the War in South Africa, 1899-1900
The Frog Prince and Other Stories
The Wings of the Dove, Volume II
The Two Magics: The Turn of the Screw, Covering End
Jack Among the Indians; Or, A Boy's Summer on the Buffalo Plains
A Garden Diary, September 1899—September 1900
The Unseen World, and Other Essays
Religions of Ancient China
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Complete
A Practical Physiology: A Text-Book for Higher Schools
Doctor Pascal
A Romance of Tompkins Square: 1891
Thirteen Chapters of American History: represented by the Edward Moran series of Thirteen Historical Marine Paintings
Peck's Uncle Ike and The Red Headed Boy: 1899
The Little Gingerbread Man
Meteorology; or, Weather Explained
The Hansa Towns
The Royal Mail: Its Curiosities and Romance
Tenting on the Plains; or, General Custer in Kansas and Texas
China
Hands Up; or, Thirty-Five Years of Detective Life in the Mountains and on the Plains: Reminiscences by General D. J. Cook, Chief of the Rocky Mountains Detective Association
Linnet: A Romance
The Gilded Man (El Dorado) and other pictures of the Spanish occupancy of America
Geography of the Land
Won at last : $b or, Mrs. Briscoe's nephews
Farmers of Forty Centuries; Or, Permanent Agriculture in China, Korea, and Japan
A Further Contribution to the Study of the Mortuary Customs of the North American Indians
Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents: William McKinley; Messages, Proclamations, and Executive Orders Relating to the Spanish-American War
Percy Bysshe Shelley as a Philosopher and Reformer
Messages from the Epistle to the Hebrews
Some Reminiscences of old Victoria
A Century of Science, and Other Essays
Scrambles Amongst the Alps in the Years 1860-69
The Launch Boys' Cruise in the Deerfoot
South-Sea Idyls
John Brown, Soldier of Fortune: A Critique
Poisons, Their Effects and Detection: A Manual for the Use of Analytical Chemists and Experts
Ned in the Block-House: A Tale of Early Days in the West
Civilisation: Its Cause and Cure; and Other Essays
The Book of Daniel Unlocked
The Story of the Alphabet
The Stories Polly Pepper Told to the Five Little Peppers in the Little Brown House
Colour in the flower garden
Rodney, the Overseer
Glimpses of America: A Pictorial and Descriptive History of Our Country's Scenic Marvels
The History of Pedagogy
The Serpent's Tooth
The God-Idea of the Ancients; Or, Sex in Religion
Afoot in England
Old Creole Days: A Story of Creole Life
The Story of My Life: Recollections and Reflections
Sketches and Studies in Italy and Greece, First Series
The Law and the Word
Old-Fashioned Fairy Tales
The Peace Egg and Other tales
A little tour in France
The life, letters and work of Frederic Leighton. Volume I
Ocean to Ocean on Horseback: Being the Story of a Tour in the Saddle from the Atlantic to the Pacific; with Especial Reference to the Early History and Development of Cities and Towns Along the Route; and Regions Traversed Beyond the Mississippi; Together with Incidents, Anecdotes and Adventures of the Journey
English Monastic Life
British Regiments at the Front, The Story of Their Battle Honours
Sir William Wallace
Dactylography; Or, The Study of Finger-prints
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 6. Young Germany
The Memoirs of Admiral Lord Beresford
The A.B.-Z. of our own nutrition
The lost clue
Oxford
Far Away and Long Ago: A History of My Early Life
Ice Creams, Water Ices, Frozen Puddings Together with Refreshments for all Social Affairs
Manual of Ship Subsidies: An Historical Summary of the Systems of All Nations
An Alphabet of Old Friends
Great Singers, First Series: Faustina Bordoni To Henrietta Sontag
Honey-Bee: 1911
Peck's Bad Boy and His Pa: 1883
Through Magic Glasses and Other Lectures: A Sequel to The Fairyland of Science
Abraham Lincoln: Was He a Christian?
The Expositor's Bible: The Acts of the Apostles, Vol. 1
A History of Epidemics in Britain, Volume 2 (of 2): From the Extinction of Plague to the Present Time
Vacation days in Greece
The Russian Ballet
Jack the Young Explorer: A Boy's Experiances in the Unknown Northwest
The Origin of Man and of His Superstitions
Bleeding Armenia: Its history and horrors under the curse of Islam
Popular Scientific Recreations: in Natural Philosphy, Astronomy, Geology, Chemistry, etc., etc., etc.
The Little Room, and Other Stories
The Peril and the Preservation of the Home: Being the William L. Bull Lectures for the Year 1903
The Puzzle of Dickens's Last Plot
The Woman Who Did
The Fairy-Land of Science
In Midsummer Days, and Other Tales
A Fair Barbarian
Gossip in a Library
Early Britain—Roman Britain
Great Violinists and Pianists
Penelope and the Others: Story of Five Country Children
Amaryllis at the Fair
The Struggle for Missouri
The Middle Years
An Artilleryman's Diary
The Life and Public Services of James A. Garfield: Twentieth President of the United States, Including Full and Accurate Details of His Eventful Administration, Assassination, Last Hours, Death, Etc., Together with Notable Extracts from His Speeches and Letters
Trumpeter Fred: A Story of the Plains
In Byways of Scottish History
Jack Harkaway in New York; or, The Adventures of the Travelers' Club
A Journey through Persia, Armenia, and Asia Minor, to Constantinople, in the Years 1808 and 1809: In Which is Included, Some Account of the Proceedings of His Majesty's Mission, under Sir Harford Jones, Bart. K. C. to the Court of Persia
Practical Cooking and Dinner Giving: A Treatise Containing Practical Instructions in Cooking; in the Combination and Serving of Dishes; and in the Fashionable Modes of Entertaining at Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner
Myths and Myth-Makers: Old Tales and Superstitions Interpreted by Comparative Mythology
Narrative of the Overland Expedition of the Messrs. Jardine from Rockhampton to Cape York, Northern Queensland
Sara, a Princess: The Story of a Noble Girl
The Book of Noodles: Stories of Simpletons; or, Fools and Their Follies
Patriarchal Palestine
The Mound Builders
A Daughter of the Sioux: A Tale of the Indian frontier
Six to Sixteen: A Story for Girls
St. John's College, Cambridge
A Lost Hero
Mlle. Fouchette: A Novel of French Life
An American Girl Abroad
Papers of the American Negro Academy. (The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers, No. 18-19.)
The Ascent of the Matterhorn
The Doctor's Christmas Eve
The Boy Patrol on Guard
The Mentor: Walter Scott, Vol. 4, Num. 15, Serial No. 115, September 15, 1916
A History of Mourning
A-B-C of Gardening
Aaron in the Wildwoods
Mahan on naval warfare : $b Selections from the writing of Rear Admiral Alfred T. Mahan
A Fascinating Traitor: An Anglo-Indian Story
White Lilac; or the Queen of the May
A Waif of the Mountains
The Condition of Catholics Under James I.: Father Gerard's Narrative of the Gunpowder Plot
Courage, True Hearts: Sailing in Search of Fortune
From sketch-book and diary
Two Little Pilgrims' Progress: A Story of the City Beautiful
Ireland under the Tudors, with a Succinct Account of the Earlier History. Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Captain of the Wight: A Romance of Carisbrooke Castle in 1488
Love and Marriage
Legends of Old Honolulu (Mythology): Collected and Translated from the Hawaiian
The True Story of Christopher Columbus, Called the Great Admiral
Initiation into Philosophy
De Libris: Prose and Verse
Bruges and West Flanders
Essentials of Economic Theory: As Applied to Modern Problems of Industry and Public Policy
With the Children on Sundays: Through Eye-Gate and Ear-Gate into the City of Child-Soul
Teddy and Carrots: Two Merchants of Newpaper Row
Rulers of India: The Earl of Mayo
Life of Luther: with several introductory and concluding chapters from general church history
Highways and Byways in Cambridge and Ely
The Son of a Servant
Armour in England, from the Earliest Times to the Reign of James the First
Nests and Eggs of Birds of the United States: Illustrated
Main Currents in Nineteenth Century Literature - 1. The Emigrant Literature
Eminent Authors of the Nineteenth Century: Literary Portraits
7 to 12: A Detective Story
Place Names in Kent
The Princess Casamassima: A Novel
The manufacture of mineral and lake pigments : $b Containing directions for the manufacture of all artificial artists' and painters' colours, enamel colours, soot and metallic pigments
The winners in life's race : $b Or, the great backboned family
A history of criticism and literary taste in Europe from the earliest texts to the present day. Volume 2 (of 3), From the Renaissance to the decline of eighteenth century orthodoxy
A Bundle of Letters
Official Report of the Exploration of the Queen Charlotte Islands for the Government of British Columbia
Unitarianism in America: A History of its Origin and Development
Men, Women, and Ghosts
The Tragedies of the Medici
George Eliot; a Critical Study of Her Life, Writings and Philosophy
Dickey Downy: The Autobiography of a Bird
Great Singers, Second Series: Malibran To Titiens
The Chemistry of Hat Manufacturing: Lectures Delivered Before the Hat Manufacturers' Association
Uppingham by the Sea: A Narrative of the Year at Borth
The Mountain Chant, A Navajo Ceremony: Fifth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1883-84, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1887, pages 379-468
German Science Reader: An Introduction to Scientific German, for Students of Physics, Chemistry and Engineering
The Hermit Of ——— Street: 1898
Official Views Of The World's Columbian Exposition
Babylonians and Assyrians, Life and Customs
Sir William Herschel: His Life and Works
In Desert and Wilderness
Little Orphan Annie, and Billy Miller's Circus-Show
The Waterways of the Pacific Northwest
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of August Strindberg
Art
A Changed Man, and Other Tales
Great Fortunes, and How They Were Made
John Quincy Adams: American Statesmen Series
Three People
Five Hundred Dollars: First published in the "Century Magazine"
Sac-Au-Dos: 1907
Wee Wifie
Home Life of Great Authors
The Hills and the Vale
St. Peter's Umbrella: A Novel
East Angels: A Novel
Memoirs of an American Prima Donna
Jack the Young Cowboy: An Eastern Boy's Experiance on a Western Round-up
Fig Culture: Edible Figs: Their Culture and Curing. Fig Culture in the Gulf States.
Oscar in Africa
Ambition and Success
Pussy and Her Language
The Ladies of the White House; Or, in the Home of the Presidents: Being a Complete History of the Social and Domestic Lives of the Presidents from Washington to the Present Time—1789–1881
Peck's Bad Boy with the Cowboys
Four Girls at Chautauqua
Sketches and Studies in Italy and Greece, Second Series
Carving and Serving
Riley Love-Lyrics
Post-Prandial Philosophy
Divided Skates
What a Young Husband Ought to Know
What was the Gunpowder Plot? The Traditional Story Tested by Original Evidence
Thomas Paine, the Apostle of Liberty: An Address Delivered in Chicago, January 29, 1916; Including the Testimony of Five Hundred Witnesses
Snap-Dragons; Old Father Christmas
A King of Tyre: A Tale of the Times of Ezra and Nehemiah
A Leisurely Tour in England
Nathaniel Parker Willis
The Source and Mode of Solar Energy Throughout the Universe
A Comic History of the United States
The legend of Perseus, Volume 2 (of 3) : $b The life-token
Percy Bysshe Shelley
The Open Air
The Flood
The Naturalist in La Plata
The Theory of Social Revolutions
The Later Works of Titian
The Song of Sixpence: Picture Book
A Defective Santa Claus
Darwin, and After Darwin, Volumes 1 and 3: An Exposition of the Darwinian Theory and a Discussion of Post-Darwinian Questions
Holland, v. 1 (of 2)
Irish Fairy Tales
Si Klegg, Book 3: Si and Shorty Meet Mr. Rosenbaum, the Spy, Who Relates His Adventures
Dorothy's Tour
The Sacred Fount
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Exodus
The Girl From Tim's Place
The Jews of Barnow: Stories
In Far Bolivia: A Story of a Strange Wild Land
The Hittites: The story of a Forgotten Empire
Keats
White Wings: A Yachting Romance, Volume III
How the Poor Live; and, Horrible London: 1889
Tales, Traditions and Romance of Border and Revolutionary Times
The Book: Its History and Development
Si Klegg, Complete, Books 1-6
The Sexes in Science and History: An inquiry into the dogma of woman's inferiority to man
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 09: Tangential Views
Personal reminiscences of Henry Irving
Great captains : $b A course of six lectures showing the influence on the art of war of the campaigns of Alexander, Hannibal, Cæsar, Gustavus Adolphus, Frederick, and Napoleon
Russia
The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard
Some Short Stories [by Henry James]
What's Bred in the Bone
Blackfoot Lodge Tales: The Story of a Prairie People
A Trip to Venus: A Novel
Youth and Sex: Dangers and Safeguards for Girls and Boys
Joan of Arc
Cheerfulness as a Life Power
Historical Introduction to Studies Among the Sedentary Indians of New Mexico; Report on the Ruins of the Pueblo of Pecos: Papers Of The Archæological Institute Of America, American Series, Vol. I
Studies in Central American Picture-Writing: First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the; Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1879-80,; Government Printing Office, Washington, 1881, pages 205-245
Commercial Geography: A Book for High Schools, Commercial Courses, and Business Colleges
Crayon portraiture : $b Complete instructions for making crayon portraits on crayon paper and on platinum, silver and bromide enlargements
Evolution of Life and Form: Four lectures delivered at the twenty-third anniversary meeting of the Theosophical Society at Adyar, Madras, 1898
Birds in London
The Story of Tonty
Outline Studies in the New Testament for Bible Teachers
Legends of the City of Mexico
A History of Bohemian Literature
Life and marvelous adventures of Wild Bill, the Scout: being a true an exact history of all the sanguinary combats and hair-breadth escapes of the most famous scout and spy America ever produced.
The Princess Nobody: A Tale of Fairyland
Partial Portraits
The Children of the Abbey: A Tale
Highways and Byways in Lincolnshire
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 10: The Opinionator
Madame De Mauves
The Lost Trail
The Making of Religion
Hero Tales of the Far North
The Great Taboo
The Destiny of Man, Viewed in the Light of His Origin
Navajo Silversmiths: Second Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-1881, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1883, pages 167-178
The Nabob, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Dorothy's Travels
The Indian Question
Doctor Cupid: A Novel
Bevis: The Story of a Boy
The Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Excluding the Eight Dramas
Out of Mulberry Street: Stories of Tenement life in New York City
Why Lincoln Laughed
On the Face of the Waters: A Tale of the Mutiny
The New Woman: An Original Comedy, in Four Acts
The Common Spiders of the United States
On the Plantation: A Story of a Georgia Boy's Adventures during the War
Shores of the Polar Sea: A Narrative of the Arctic Expedition of 1875-6
The speaker's ideal entertainments : $b for home, church and school. Consisting of recitals, dialogues and dramas
The Russian novelists
Tales from Two Hemispheres
Riley Child-Rhymes
Drake, Nelson and Napoleon
An Apache Princess: A Tale of the Indian Frontier
The Search for the Silver City: A Tale of Adventure in Yucatan
The Story of Red Feather: A Tale of the American Frontier
History of Religion: A Sketch of Primitive Religious Beliefs and Practices, and of the Origin and Character of the Great Systems
Aunt Hannah and Seth
In Story-land
Famous Men of Science
Europe in the Sixteenth Century, 1494-1598, Fifth Edition: Period 4 (of 8), Periods of European History
Windows: A Book About Stained & Painted Glass
Lone Pine: The Story of a Lost Mine
The Great Frozen Sea: A Personal Narrative of the Voyage of the "Alert"
The Story of Prague
Ellen Terry and Her Sisters
A Flower Wedding: Described by Two Wallflowers
Historical Manual of English Prosody
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Anatole France
Knightly Legends of Wales; or, The Boy's Mabinogion: Being the Earliest Welsh Tales of King Arthur in the Famous Red Book of Hergest
A history of the Brazil : $b comprising its geography, commerce, colonization, aboriginal inhabitants, &c. &c. &c.
A way of life : $b An address to Yale students Sunday evening, April 20th, 1913
Principles and practice of agricultural analysis. Volume 1 (of 3), Soils
Libretto: La Bohème
Lazarre
Brendan's Fabulous Voyage: A Lecture delivered on January 19, 1893, before the Scottish Society of Literature and Art
Omaha Dwellings, Furniture and Implements: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Beaurau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution 1891-1892, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 263-288
Origin and Development of Form and Ornament in Ceramic Art.: Fourth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1882-1883, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1886, pages 437-466.
Jack Harkaway's Boy Tinker Among The Turks: Book Number Fifteen in the Jack Harkaway Series
A Short History of Greek Philosophy
Round About a Great Estate
A Political History of the State of New York, Volumes 1-3
The Pharaoh and the Priest: An Historical Novel of Ancient Egypt
How Private George W. Peck Put Down the Rebellion: or, The Funny Experiences of a Raw Recruit - 1887
Thirty Years in Australia
Charlotte Brontë: A Monograph
The Expositor's Bible: The Pastoral Epistles
The Curiosities and Law of Wills
The Sea-beach at Ebb-tide: A Guide to the Study of the Seaweeds and the Lower Animal Life Found Between Tide-marks
Old Taverns of New York
The Drama of Love and Death: A Study of Human Evolution and Transfiguration
The Story of a Confederate Boy in the Civil War
The Secret of the Totem
Omaha sociology (1884 N 03 / 1881-1882 (pages 205-370))
The Ancient City
A Sailor in Spite of Himself
History of biology
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Bram Stoker
The Chaldean Magician: An Adventure in Rome in the Reign of the Emperor Diocletian
Heroes of the Telegraph
The Life and Genius of Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Desert and the Sown
A Kentucky Cardinal: A Story
Cecilia de Noël
Nibsy's Christmas
The Amateur Garden
Voice production in singing and speaking, based on scientific principles
Jack: 1877
The Inquisition: A Critical and Historical Study of the Coercive Power of the Church
A History of the French Novel, Vol. 2: To the Close of the 19th Century
Dorothy's Triumph
Sir Walter Scott
The Early Negro Convention Movement: The American Negro Academy, Occasional Papers No. 9
Sex-Love, and Its Place in a Free Society
Astronomical Curiosities: Facts and Fallacies
Jack the Hunchback: A Story of Adventure on the Coast of Maine
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistle to the Galatians
The Forest Farm: Tales of the Austrian Tyrol
Did Betsey Ross Design the Flag of the United States of America?: Publication of the Scottsville Literary Society
Diversions of a Naturalist
From Adam's Peak to Elephanta : $b Sketches in Ceylon and India
Rhymes a la Mode
Pandora
Pickle the Spy; Or, the Incognito of Prince Charles
Tent Life in Siberia: A New Account of an Old Undertaking; Adventures among the Koraks and Other Tribes In Kamchatka and Northern Asia
The pretty sister of José: 1889
The Cooking Manual of Practical Directions for Economical Every-Day Cookery
Health, Healing, and Faith
Views and Reviews
"Prison Life in Andersonville": With Special Reference to the Opening of Providence Spring
Ruth Erskine's Son
Italian Days and Ways
Rowlandson the Caricaturist; a Selection from His Works. Vol. 2
Cities of Belgium: Grant Allen's Historical Guides
Philip II. of Spain
Matthew Calbraith Perry: A Typical American Naval Officer
Ants and Some Other Insects: An Inquiry Into the Psychic Powers of These Animals
Constantinople, v. 2 (of 2)
How to Become a Public Speaker: Showing the best manner of arranging thought so as to gain; conciseness, ease and fluency in speech
The Sauciest Boy in the Service: A Story of Pluck and Perseverance
Truth [Vérité]
Morocco, Its People and Places
The companions of Pickle: Being a sequel to 'Pickle the spy'
A history of criticism and literary taste in Europe, from the earliest texts to the present day. Volume 1 (of 3), Classical and mediæval criticism
The Diary of a Man of Fifty
Hey Diddle Diddle and Baby Bunting: R. Caldecott's Picture Books
History of the Negro Race in America from 1619 to 1880. Vol. 2: Negroes as Slaves, as Soldiers, and as Citizens
The Life Radiant
A Little Union Scout
Tin Foil and Its Combinations for Filling Teeth
Down the Slope
Personal Recollections of a Cavalryman: With Custer's Michigan Cavalry Brigade in the Civil War
R. Caldecott's Picture Book (No. 2): The Three Jovial Huntsmen—Sing a Song for Sixpence—The Queen of Hearts—The Farmer's Boy
Life and Death, and Other Legends and Stories
Morag: A Tale of the Highlands of Scotland
The First Capture; or, Hauling Down the Flag of England
Babylon, Volume 1
The Gamekeeper at Home: Sketches of natural history and rural life (Illustrated)
The Land's End: A Naturalist's Impressions In West Cornwall, Illustrated
Across Texas
Some Eminent Women of Our Times: Short Biographical Sketches
The Sportsman's Club in the Saddle
Dreams and Dream Stories
The History of Roman Literature: From the Earliest Period to the Death of Marcus Aurelius
Henrik Ibsen
Tip Lewis and His Lamp
A Child-World
The Future of Astronomy
The Fat of the Land: The Story of an American Farm
David Harum: A Story of American Life
Georgina's Reasons
Dorothy on a Ranch
Not Like Other Girls
A Rambler's lease
The Cup of Trembling, and Other Stories
The Adventures of a Widow: A Novel
In Touch with Nature: Tales and Sketches from the Life
Fifty-two Stories of the British Navy, from Damme to Trafalgar.
White Heather: A Novel (Volume 3 of 3)
Cambridge and Its Story
Superstition in Medicine
Famous Givers and Their Gifts
Sir William Johnson and the Six Nations
Ignorant Essays
Secrets of Earth and Sea
The Pleistocene of North America: and its vertebrated animals from the states east of the Mississippi River and from the Canadian provinces east of longitude 95°
Floral Illustrations of the Seasons: Consisting of the Most Beautiful, Hardy and Rare Herbaceous Plants, Cultivated in the Flower Garden
The Sampo: A Wonder Tale of the Old North
Memories, by Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Fisher
The Lost City
Philistia
Memories of Canada and Scotland — Speeches and Verses
Stories of the Border Marches
Life of Adam Smith
Bell's Cathedrals: Wimborne Minster and Christchurch Priory: A Short History of Their Foundation and a Description of Their Buildings
Benjamin Franklin
History of the United States, Volume 4
Child's Story of the Bible
Avatâras: Four lectures delivered at the twenty-fourth anniversary; meeting of the Theosophical Society at Adyar, Madras,; December, 1899
A Letter Book: Selected with an Introduction on the History and Art of Letter-Writing
The Doctor, his Wife, and the Clock
The Century Cook Book
Concerning Lafcadio Hearn; With a Bibliography by Laura Stedman
The Gamekeeper at Home: Sketches of Natural History and Rural Life
Outline Studies in the Old Testament for Bible Teachers
Prisons and Prayer; Or, a Labor of Love
Renaissance in Italy, Volume 2 (of 7): The Revival of Learning
Pottery of the ancient Pueblos. (1886 N 04 / 1882-1883 (pages 257-360))
Children of the Soil
Bessie and Her Friends
Studies in Judaism, First Series
From Kitchen to Garret: Hints for young householders
Russian Memories
Theism and Humanism: Being the Gifford Lectures Delivered at the University of Glasgow, 1914
Fear
Some English Gardens
Tales of Troy: Ulysses, the Sacker of Cities
Species and Varieties, Their Origin by Mutation
Germany and the Next War
Abraham Lincoln, Volume I
The First Discovery of Australia and New Guinea: Being The Narrative of Portuguese and Spanish Discoveries in the Australasian Regions, between the Years 1492-1606, with Descriptions of their Old Charts.
Catalogue Of Linguistic Manuscripts In The Library Of The Bureau Of Ethnology. (1881 N 01 / 1879-1880 (Pages 553-578))
Left on Labrador; or, The cruise of the Schooner-yacht "Curlew": As Recorded by "Wash"
Daring and Suffering: A History of the Great Railroad Adventure
The Mark of Cain
A Difficult Problem: 1900
Riley Songs of Friendship
The Masked Bridal
The Arts and Crafts Movement
Organizing and Building Up the Sunday School: Modern Sunday School Manuals
A-B-C of Vegetable Gardening
Lillian Morris, and Other Stories
Dust: A Novel
Ireland under the Tudors, with a Succinct Account of the Earlier History. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Moorland Idylls
The Boy Hunters of Kentucky
The Three Miss Kings: An Australian Story
Flute and Violin, and Other Kentucky Tales and Romances
Birds and Beasts
Ireland under the Stuarts and During the Interregnum, Vol. 2 (of 3), 1642-1660
Telescopic Work for Starlight Evenings
Daddy Jake the Runaway, and Short Stories Told after Dark
Armazindy: The Poems and Prose Sketches of James Whitcomb Riley
Claude's Confession
Augustus: The Life and Times of the Founder of the Roman Empire
Fifty Great Cartoons
Reminiscences of my life in camp with the 33d United States colored troops, late 1st S. C. Volunteers
Introduction to the science of language, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Spirit of Place, and Other Essays
Sisters
Renaissance in Italy, Volume 3 (of 7): The Fine Arts
Robert Browning
The Ancient Life History of the Earth: A Comprehensive Outline of the Principles and Leading Facts of Palæontological Science
Science in Arcady
Jerome Cardan: A Biographical Study
A Practical Discourse on Some Principles of Hymn-Singing
Betty Leicester: A Story For Girls
The Pines of Lory
Avery
Naval Warfare
The Deluge: An Historical Novel of Poland, Sweden, and Russia. Vol. 2
The Cassowary; What Chanced in the Cleft Mountains
Baltimore Hats, Past and Present
The Life of Isaac Ingalls Stevens, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Ghost World
The World of Homer
Henry Irving's Impressions of America: Narrated in a Series of Sketches, Chronicles, and Conversations
London Signs and Inscriptions
Misunderstood
A History of the Coldstream Guards, from 1815 to 1895
Rumpty-Dudget's Tower: A Fairy Tale
The Ivory Tower
An Apache Campaign in the Sierra Madre: An Account of the Expedition in Pursuit of the Hostile Chiricahua Apaches in the Spring of 1883
Miss Con
Initials Only
The Valet's Tragedy, and Other Studies
Such Is Life
Philippine Folk-Tales
Windjammers and Sea Tramps
The Disentanglers
Great Italian and French Composers
The Story of a Cannoneer Under Stonewall Jackson: In Which is Told the Part Taken by the Rockbridge Artillery in the Army of Northern Virginia
The Frozen Pirate
Amateur Gardencraft: A Book for the Home-Maker and Garden Lover
Adrift on the Pacific: A Boys [sic] Story of the Sea and its Perils
England, Picturesque and Descriptive: A Reminiscence of Foreign Travel
Strangers and Wayfarers
Notes on the Bibliography of Yucatan and Central America: Comprising Yucatan, Chiapas, Guatemala (the Ruins of Palenque, Ocosingo, and Copan), and Oaxaca (Ruins of Mitla)
Barty Crusoe and His Man Saturday
Fletcher of Saltoun
Unveiling a Parallel: A Romance
La Grande Mademoiselle, 1627-1652
Town Life in the Fifteenth Century, Volume 2 (of 2)
Trails of the Pathfinders
Travels in a Tree-top
Experimental Mechanics: A Course of Lectures Delivered at the Royal College of Science for Ireland
Legendary Islands of the Atlantic: A Study of Medieval Geography
"To let"
Glasses
"Thirty Years In Hell" Or, "From Darkness to Light"
Bohemian Days: Three American Tales
A Critical Exposition of the Popular 'Jihád': Showing that all the Wars of Mohammad Were Defensive; and; that Aggressive War, or Compulsory Conversion, is not; Allowed in The Koran - 1885
London and the Kingdom - Volume 2: A History Derived Mainly from the Archives at Guildhall in the Custody of the Corporation of the City of London.
The Finer Grain
Deerfoot in The Mountains
Lessons of the war with Spain and other articles
Dorothy at Oak Knowe
The Negro and the elective franchise. A series of papers and a sermon
On the Field of Glory: An Historical Novel of the Time of King John Sobieski
Famous European Artists
Jack the Young Trapper: An Eastern Boy's Fur Hunting in the Rocky Mountains
The Memoirs of a White Elephant
My Life at Sea: being a "yarn" loosely spun for the purpose of holding together certain reminiscences of the transition period from sail to steam in the British mercantile marine (1863-1894)
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 2
Pictures and Problems from London Police Courts
The Home Life of the Ancient Greeks
Buffalo Bill, the Border King; Or, Redskin and Cowboy
Senescence, the Last Half of Life
Least said, soonest mended
The Pageant of Summer
Essays in Little
Dark Hollow
Shakespeare, Bacon, and the Great Unknown
Master Olof: A Drama in Five Acts
The Huge Hunter; Or, The Steam Man of the Prairies
Illustrated Catalogue of the Collections Obtained from the Indians of New Mexico in 1880: Second Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-81, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1883, pages 429-466
At the Sign of the Barber's Pole: Studies In Hirsute History
The Bronze Hand: 1897
The Staircase At The Heart's Delight: 1894
A Treasury of Eskimo Tales
Detailed Minutiae of Soldier life in the Army of Northern Virginia, 1861-1865
The Riflemen of the Miami
British Borneo: Sketches of Brunai, Sarawak, Labuan, and North Borneo
The Talking Thrush, and Other Tales from India
The Brownings, Their Life and Art
Si Klegg, Book 1: His Transformation from a Raw Recruit to a Veteran
Si Klegg, Book 6: Si and Shorty, with Their Boy Recruits, Enter on the Atlanta Campaign
The Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry in the Closing Scenes of the War for the Maintenance of the Union, from Richmond to Appomatox
Toby Tyler; Or, Ten Weeks with a Circus
The Children of Westminster Abbey: Studies in English History
The Towns of Roman Britain
One of My Sons
The White Man's Foot
A Manual of the Antiquity of Man
The English Church in the Middle Ages
The Island of Gold: A Sailor's Yarn
The Adventures of a Country Boy at a Country Fair
A Sovereign Remedy
Riding and Driving
Leon Roch: A Romance, vol. 1 (of 2)
Latter-Day Sweethearts
A Visit to Newfoundland
Ellis's Primary Physiology; Or, Good Health for Boys and Girls
The Year after the Armada, and Other Historical Studies
Science from an Easy Chair
The Russian Army and the Japanese War, Vol. 1 (of 2): Being Historical and Critical Comments on the Military Policy and Power of Russia and on the Campaign in the Far East
Modern Billiards: A Complete Text-Book of the Game, Containing Plain and Practical Instructions How to Play and Acquire Skill at This Scientific Amusement
Love's Coming-of-Age: A series of papers on the relations of the sexes
The Creator, and what we may know of the method of creation
Two sailor lads : $b A story of stirring adventures on sea and land
Shipwrecks on Cape Cod : $b the story of a few of the many hundred shipwrecks which have occurred on Cape Cod
Moments of Vision and Miscellaneous Verses
Toby Tyler; Or, Ten Weeks with a Circus
Peck's Bad Boy with the Circus
The Life of Captain James Cook, the Circumnavigator
The Book of Joyous Children
Afterwhiles
Claverhouse
The Christmas Kalends of Provence: And Some Other Provençal Festivals
The Flourishing of Romance and the Rise of Allegory: (Periods of European Literature, vol. II)
The Ranger; Or, The Fugitives of the Border
The Boys of '98
Stained Glass Work: A text-book for students and workers in glass
Boating
The Normans; told chiefly in relation to their conquest of England
Jack the Young Canoeman: An Eastern Boy's Voyage in a Chinook Canoe
Trafalgar: A Tale
The Metaphysic of Christianity and Buddhism: A Symphony
Women's Suffrage: A Short History of a Great Movement
The Amethyst Ring
The Mysteries of Modern London
Prolegomena to the Study of Hegel's Philosophy, and Especially of His Logic
New Amazonia: A Foretaste of the Future
A History of Economic Doctrines: from the time of the physiocrats to the present day
John Baskerville, type-founder and printer, 1706-1775
Life's little stage
Freeland: A Social Anticipation
The Life of Hon. William F. Cody, Known as Buffalo Bill, the Famous Hunter, Scout and Guide: An Autobiography
Lives of Girls Who Became Famous
Elbow-Room: A Novel Without a Plot
Macleod of Dare
The Romantic Settlement of Lord Selkirk's Colonists: The Pioneers of Manitoba
Doctor Luttrell's First Patient
The Indian On The Trail: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Ulysses S. Grant
Her Royal Highness Woman
Loveliness: A Story
The Teacher: Essays and Addresses on Education
The Fall of Prince Florestan of Monaco
A Fortnight of Folly
The Cozy Lion: As Told by Queen Crosspatch
A Five Years' Residence in Buenos Ayres, During the years 1820 to 1825: Containing Remarks on the Country and Inhabitants; and a Visit to Colonia Del Sacramento
The Boy Patrol Around the Council Fire
The Origin of Vertebrates
Ballades and Verses Vain
London and the Kingdom - Volume 3: A History Derived Mainly from the Archives at Guildhall in the Custody of the Corporation of the City of London.
Loyola and the Educational System of the Jesuits
Happiness as Found in Forethought Minus Fearthought
The Story of the Solar System
Greece: Painted by John Fulleylove; described by J.A. McClymont
Phaeton Rogers: A Novel of Boy Life
Outings at Odd Times
The Novel on the Tram
Editha's Burglar: A Story for Children
Mother of Pearl
Fifty Years a Detective: 35 Real Detective Stories
Round the Galley Fire
Two Ways of Becoming a Hunter
Memories of My Life: Being My Personal, Professional, and Social Recollections as Woman and Artist
The Snake's Pass
14000 miles, a carriage and two women
In the land of the lion and sun, or, modern Persia : $b Being experiences of life in Persia from 1866 to 1881
China and the Manchus
Louisa Pallant
Ester Ried
Uncle Max
Verses for Children, and Songs for Music
Is Life Worth Living?
Stamp Collecting as a Pastime
Putois: 1907
An Arrow in a Sunbeam, and Other Tales
Peter Cooper
Austral English: A dictionary of Australasian words, phrases and usages with those aboriginal-Australian and Maori words which have become incorporated in the language, and the commoner scientific words that have had their origin in Australasia
Lover or Friend
The Pig: Breeding, Rearing, and Marketing
Claimants to Royalty
My Recollections
Darwin, and After Darwin, Volume 2 of 3: Post-Darwinian Questions: Heredity and Utility
A Winter Nosegay: Being Tales for Children at Christmastide
Stand Fast, Craig-Royston! (Volume II)
With Porter in the Essex: A Story of His Famous Cruise in the Southern Waters During the War of 1812
White Wings: A Yachting Romance, Volume II
Spain
Personal Recollections and Civil War Diary, 1864
Anatole France
What a Young Wife Ought to Know
The Gardens of the Sun: A naturalist's journal on the mountains and in the forests and swamps of Borneo and the Sulu Archipelago
Buffalo Bill's Best Bet; Or, A Sure Thing Well Won
Upper Canada Sketches
Alfred Tennyson
The Emancipation of Massachusetts
Tales of Two Countries
Social life at Rome in the Age of Cicero
Illusions: A Psychological Study
Three French Moralists and The Gallantry of France
Amerigo Vespucci
The Outcry
Charles Carleton Coffin: War Correspondent, Traveller, Author, and Statesman
Mind and Motion and Monism
Colonel John Brown, of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, the Brave Accuser of Benedict Arnold
Birds in the Bush
Paris from the Earliest Period to the Present Day; Volume 1
Books Condemned to be Burnt
Essays on the Materialistic Conception of History
Rubáiyát of Doc Sifers
Vasco Nuñez de Balboa
Is the Bible Indictable?: Being an Enquiry whether the Bible Comes within the Ruling of the Lord Chief Justice as to Obscene Literature
Wild Adventures round the Pole: Or, The Cruise of the "Snowbird" Crew in the "Arrandoon"
The Front Yard, and Other Italian Stories
The Laughing Mill, and Other Stories
America, Volume 4 (of 6)
Military Manners and Customs
A History of Matrimonial Institutions, Vol. 3 of 3
Tales of the birds
Bessie on Her Travels
George at the Wheel; Or, Life in the Pilot-House
Winona, a Dakota Legend; and Other Poems
Fénelon: The Mystic
Alice, grand duchess of Hesse, princess of Great Britain and Ireland: Biographical sketch and letters. With portrait.
Fields, factories and workshops : $b or, Industry combined with agriculture and brain work with manual work
Curiosities of Music: A Collection of Facts not generally known, regarding the Music of Ancient and Savage Nations
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 11: Antepenultimata
A handbook of systematic botany
The hermit hunter of the wilds
Waves and ripples in water, air, and æther : $b Being a course of Christmas lectures delivered at the Royal Institution of Great Britain
History of the Moorish Empire in Europe, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Address of President McKinley, at the dedication of the Grant Monument, New York, April 27, 1897
Slips of speech : $b a helpful book for everyone who aspires to correct the everyday errors of speaking and writing
The Campaign of Chancellorsville
Jackanapes, Daddy Darwin's Dovecot and Other Stories
Marse Henry: An Autobiography (Volume 2)
Plays: Comrades; Facing Death; Pariah; Easter
The Wolf's Long Howl
Romance of California Life: Illustrated by Pacific Slope Stories, Thrilling, Pathetic and Humorous
Four Months Besieged: The Story of Ladysmith
The Delight Makers
Stories in Verse
The Last American: A Fragment from The Journal of Khan-li, Prince of Dimph-Yoo-Chur and Admiral in the Persian Navy
A Short History of Germany
The Admirable Lady Biddy Fane: Her Surprising Curious Adventures In Strange Parts & Happy Deliverance From Pirates, Battle, Captivity, & Other Terrors; Together With Divers Romantic & Moving Accidents As Set Forth By Benet Pengilly (Her Companion In Misfortune & Joy), & Now First Done Into Print
Browning and the Dramatic Monologue
In the Land of the Great Snow Bear: A Tale of Love and Heroism
In the Permanent Way
The Flags of the World: Their History, Blazonry, and Associations
The Surprises of Life
Bill Biddon, Trapper; or, Life in the Northwest
Mantegna
Stand Fast, Craig-Royston! (Volume III)
An Isle of Surrey: A Novel
The Anglo-Saxon Century and the Unification of the English-Speaking People
Manual of the Trees of North America (Exclusive of Mexico) 2nd ed.
The Alden Catalogue of Choice Books, May 30, 1889
Jelly-Fish, Star-Fish, and Sea-Urchins: Being a Research on Primitive Nervous Systems
Under the Flag of France: A Tale of Bertrand du Guesclin
The New Glutton or Epicure
Julian Mortimer: A Brave Boy's Struggle for Home and Fortune
The Story of the Scottish Covenants in Outline
The Gates Ajar
Haworth's
The Earth's Beginning
The Passing of the Idle Rich
Jill, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Given in Marriage
Taken or left
The Doré Lectures: Being Sunday addresses at the Doré Gallery, London, given in connection with the Higher Thought Centre
Tartarin of Tarascon
Helen's Babies
Marguerite Verne; Or, Scenes from Canadian Life
The Beginnings of New England: Or the Puritan Theocracy in its Relations to Civil and Religious Liberty
Modern Mythology
A Candid Examination of Theism
Osage Traditions
Mary's Meadow, and Other Tales of Fields and Flowers
To the Front: A Sequel to Cadet Days
French Pathfinders in North America
Prince Prigio: From "His Own Fairy Book"
Report on Surgery to the Santa Clara County Medical Society
The Grocery Man And Peck's Bad Boy: Peck's Bad Boy and His Pa, No. 2 - 1883
Peck's bad boy abroad : $b Being a humorous description of the bad boy and his dad in their journeys through foreign lands: 1904
Found in the Philippines: The Story of a Woman's Letters
Scottish Football Reminiscences and Sketches
Paris, From the Earliest Period to the Present Day; Volume 2
Mentone, Cairo, and Corfu
The Potter's Thumb
Expositor's Bible: The Book of Job
Wyoming
Betty Leicester's Christmas
The Expositor's Bible: The Acts of the Apostles, Vol. 2
Sixty Years a Queen: The Story of Her Majesty's Reign
Prophetical, Educational and Playing Cards
The Wonder Book of Volcanoes and Earthquakes
Caleb Wright: A Story of the West
Eighteenth Century Vignettes
The Girls' Book of Famous Queens
Drowsy
An Ideal Kitchen: Miss Parloa's Kitchen Companion: A Guide for All Who Would Be Good Housekeepers
Old Virginia and Her Neighbours, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Procurator of Judea
Star-land: Being Talks With Young People About the Wonders of the Heavens
The Pleasures of the Table: An Account of Gastronomy from Ancient Days to Present Times. With a History of Its Literature, Schools, and Most Distinguished Artists; Together With Some Special Recipes, and Views Concerning the Aesthetics of Dinners and Dinner-giving
The Pearl, its story, its charm, and its value
Dead Shot; Or, The White Vulture: A Romance of the Yellowstone
Ritual and belief : $b Studies in the history of religion
Letters to Dead Authors
Agatha Webb
Woman and the Republic: A Survey of the Woman-Suffrage Movement in the United States and a Discussion of the Claims and Arguments of Its Foremost Advocates
Norse Tales and Sketches
Garman and Worse: A Norwegian Novel
Matthew Arnold
What Social Classes Owe to Each Other
By Canoe and Dog Train Among The Cree and Salteaux Indians
The Aztec Treasure-House
The Admiral's Caravan
Stories Of Georgia
Testimony of the Sonnets as to the Authorship of the Shakespearean Plays and Poems
Raiding with Morgan
The Great Cattle Trail
Peasant Tales of Russia
Trilbyana: The Rise and Progress of a Popular Novel
An Amateur Fireman
Orchids
History of Modern Philosophy
Literary Byways
William the Third
City Ballads
In the Guardianship of God
A Century in the Comptroller's Office, State of New York, 1797 to 1897
The Blue-Grass Region of Kentucky, and Other Kentucky Articles
Antoine of Oregon: A Story of the Oregon Trail
Longhead: The Story of the First Fire
A Study of Siouan Cults: Eleventh Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1889-1890, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1861, pages 351-544
Little Lord Fauntleroy [abridged]: Für den Schulgebrauch bearbeitet
Paris: Grant Allen's Historical Guides
The Dawn of History: An Introduction to Pre-Historic Study
Deerfoot on the Prairies
A Woman Rice Planter
Outlines of Jewish History from B.C. 586 to C.E. 1885
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of James Whitcomb Riley
Katharine von Bora: Dr. Martin Luther's Wife
Foods and Their Adulteration: Origin, Manufacture, and Composition of Food Products; Description of Common Adulterations, Food Standards, and National Food Laws and Regulations
Mad Anthony's scouts; or, The rangers of Kentucky
Paddle and portage, from Moosehead Lake to Aroostook River, Maine
History as past ethics; an introduction to the history of morals
A guide to the shell and starfish galleries : $b (Mollusca, Polyzoa, Brachiopoda, Tunicata, Echinoderma, and Worms)
Boyhood in Norway: Stories of Boy-Life in the Land of the Midnight Sun
The Patagonia
Nona Vincent
The Coming of Cuculain
Jan of the Windmill: A Story of the Plains
An Introduction to the mortuary customs of the North American Indians
Hodge and His Masters
Brave Tom; Or, The Battle That Won
Crusoes of the Frozen North
The Right and Wrong Uses of the Bible
The Ascent of the Soul
"Old Put" the patriot
Two Knapsacks: A Novel of Canadian Summer Life
Navajo weavers: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1881-'82, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1884, pages 371-392.
A Flat Iron for a Farthing; or, Some Passages in the Life of an only Son
Despair's Last Journey
The Parenticide Club
The Lost Child
The Negro and the Nation: A History of American Slavery and Enfranchisement
Vagabondia: 1884
Maria Edgeworth
The Evolution of an Empire: A Brief Historical Sketch of Germany
Canterbury
Notes of a Son and Brother
Twelve Good Musicians: From John Bull to Henry Purcell
Artificial and Natural Flight
Little Fishers: and Their Nets
The Barton Experiment
Camp Cookery. How to Live in Camp
Among the An-ko-me-nums, or Flathead Tribes of Indians of the Pacific Coast
Our Women in the War
The life and correspondence of Sir Anthony Panizzi, K.C.B., Vol. 1 (of 2): Late principal librarian of the British museum, senator of Italy, etc.
Hertfordshire
The Russian Army and the Japanese War, Vol. 2 (of 2): Being Historical and Critical Comments on the Military Policy and Power of Russia and on the Campaign in the Far East
Practicable Socialism, New Series
The Story of the Indian Mutiny
The step on the stair
Principles and practice of agricultural analysis. Volume 2 (of 3), Fertilizers
Historic Girls: Stories Of Girls Who Have Influenced The History Of Their Times
The Woman in the Alcove
Angling Sketches
Serge Panine — Complete
In the Sargasso Sea: A Novel
The King's Cup-Bearer
A Supplement to A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents: William McKinley
When Buffalo Ran
What Answer?
The Flower of the Chapdelaines
I.N.R.I.: A prisoner's Story of the Cross
James Gilmour of Mongolia: His diaries, letters, and reports
A Pasteboard Crown: A Story of the New York Stage
The English Stage: Being an Account of the Victorian Drama
A Ten Years' War: An Account of the Battle with the Slum in New York
Legends of Gods and Ghosts (Hawaiian Mythology): Collected and Translated from the Hawaiian
A Prince of Dreamers
Lives of Illustrious Shoemakers
Frank at Don Carlos' Rancho
White Wings: A Yachting Romance, Volume I
Hebrew Humor and Other Essays
The Daisy, or, Cautionary Stories in Verse.: Adapted to the Ideas of Children from Four to Eight Years Old.
In Vain
The Usurper: An Episode in Japanese History
John Porter Fort: A Memorial, and Personal Reminiscences
The Eve of the Reformation: Studies in the Religious Life and Thought of the English people in the Period Preceding the Rejection of the Roman jurisdiction by Henry VIII
The Law and Medical Men
The Romance of the London Directory
Deborah: A tale of the times of Judas Maccabaeus
Arqtiq: A Study of the Marvels at the North Pole
In Savage Africa: Or, The adventures of Frank Baldwin from the Gold Coast to Zanzibar.
Doctor Izard
The Danube from the Black Forest to the Black Sea
Lao-tzu, A Study in Chinese Philosophy
"A Most Unholy Trade," Being Letters on the Drama by Henry James
The red wizard, or, the cave captive
Coca and Cocaine : $b Their history, medical and economic uses, and medicinal preparations
The legend of Perseus, Volume 1 (of 3) : $b The supernatural birth
Five little Peppers in the Little Brown House
The white Indian boy : $b The story of Uncle Nick among the Shoshones
The Poems of Sidney Lanier
The Golden Fleece: A Romance
The Filigree Ball: Being a full and true account of the solution of the mystery concerning the Jeffrey-Moore affair
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Volume 3
Geordie's Tryst: A Tale of Scottish Life
Black Beetles in Amber
Peck's Compendium of Fun: Comprising the Choicest Gems of Wit, Humor, Sarcasm and Pathos of America's Favorite Humorist
Through Forest and Fire: Wild-Woods Series No. 1
Essays on Scandinavian Literature
The Path Of Duty
In Direst Peril
The Skeleton On Round Island: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Domesticated animals : $b Their relation to man and to his advancement in civilization
Holiday Tales: Christmas in the Adirondacks
James VI and the Gowrie Mystery
Leonore Stubbs
True Tales of Arctic Heroism in the New World
The Flower of Forgiveness
Frank in the Woods
A Tale of Two Tunnels: A Romance of the Western Waters
Martha of California: A Story of the California Trail
With the Swamp Fox: A Story of General Marion's Young Spies
Among the Esquimaux; or, Adventures under the Arctic Circle
Best Stories from the Best Book: An Illustrated Bible Companion for the Home
Bonnie Scotland: Painted by Sutton Palmer; Described by A.R. Hope Moncrieff
Rancho Del Muerto, and Other Stories of Adventure: by Various Authors, from "Outing"
Sinners and Saints: A Tour Across the States and Round Them, with Three Months Among the Mormons
Humphry Davy, Poet and Philosopher
Our Fellows; Or, Skirmishes with the Swamp Dragoons
The Indians of the Pike's Peak Region: Including an Account of the Battle of Sand Creek, and of Occurrences in El Paso County, Colorado, during the War with the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, in 1864 and 1868
Life of Johann Wolfgang Goethe
A Boy's Trip Across the Plains
The Chapel on the Hill
The Devil's picture-books
Records, by Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Fisher
Stories of Elizabethan heroes : $b Stirring records of the intrepid bravery and boundless resource of the men of Queen Elizabeth's reign
The old house in the city : $b Or, not forsaken
The Red Acorn
The Midnight Queen
Alice of Old Vincennes
A History of Modern Europe, 1792-1878
A Traveller in Little Things
The Story of Ab: A Tale of the Time of the Cave Man
The Amateur Poacher
True Love's Reward: A Sequel to Mona
The Hunters of the Ozark
Making a Garden of Perennials
Raleigh
The North American Slime-Moulds: A Descriptive List of All Species of Myxomycetes Hitherto Reported from the Continent of North America, with Notes on Some Extra-Limital Species
The Handbook to the Rivers and Broads of Norfolk & Suffolk
Mystic Immanence, the Indwelling Spirit
Subconscious Religion
Lord Chatham, His Early Life and Connections
The Early History of the Scottish Union Question: Bi-Centenary Edition
Ireland under the Tudors, with a Succinct Account of the Earlier History. Vol. 1 (of 3)
Musk-Ox, Bison, Sheep and Goat
A Guide to the Exhibition of English Medals
The Lake Dwellings of Ireland: Or ancient lacustrine habitations of Erin, commonly called crannogs.
The Scientific Basis of Morals, and Other Essays: Viz.: Right and Wrong, The Ethics of Belief, The Ethics of Religion
Two diaries From Middle St. John's, Berkeley, South Carolina, February-May, 1865: Journals kept by Miss Susan R. Jervey and Miss Charlotte St. J. Ravenel, at Northampton and Pooshee plantations, and reminiscences of Mrs. (Waring) Henagan; with two contemporary reports from federal officials.
Isle of Wight
Country Luck
The Heart of Scotland
A Lady of England: The Life and Letters of Charlotte Maria Tucker
Mackinac and Lake Stories
Known to the Police
Carl the Trailer
Psychology and Crime
Our Lady of the Pillar
Drawings of Old London
Memoir of the Services of the Bengal Artillery: From the Formation of the Corps to the Present Time, with Some Account of Its Internal Organization
Charles Stewart Parnell: His Love Story and Political Life
Condiments, Spices and Flavors
Columbus and Other Heroes of American Discovery
Too dearly bought : $b or, The town strike
The Adventures of Louis de Rougemont
Jacqueline — Complete
The Little Lady of Lagunitas: A Franco-Californian Romance
In the Closed Room
The Life of the Fields
The Life, Crime, and Capture of John Wilkes Booth
Girls: Faults and Ideals: A Familiar Talk, with Quotations from Letters
Sustained honor: The Age of Liberty Established
The Arian Controversy
The Late Miss Hollingford
A Journey Through France in War Time
The King Of Beaver, and Beaver Lights: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Tonio, Son of the Sierras: A Story of the Apache War
An Old Sweetheart of Mine
The Shadow On The Dial, and Other Essays: 1909
Corporal 'Lige's Recruit: A Story of Crown Point and Ticonderoga
Studies in Old Testament History
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Manchester: A Short History and Description of the Church and of the Collegiate Buildings now known as Chetham's Hospital
Campaigning with Crook, and Stories of Army Life
Life of Oliver Wendell Holmes
The Expositor's Bible: Ezra, Nehemiah, and Esther
Legends of Longdendale : $b being a series of tales founded upon the folk-lore of Longdendale Valley and its neighbourhood
Reminiscences of a Private: by Frank M. Mixson, Company "E" 1st S. C. Vols. (Hagood's)
Sarah Dillard's Ride: A Story of the Carolinas in 1780
Babylon, Volume 2
The Romance of Dollard
Chats on Autographs
The Influence of Sea Power upon the French Revolution and Empire 1793-1812, vol 2
Portraits in Plaster, from the Collection of Laurence Hutton
Within the Gates
Automata Old and New
The Principles of Leather Manufacture
Seth Jones; or, The Captives of the Frontier
David Crockett : $b scout, small boy, pilgrim, mountaineer, soldier, bear-hunter, and Congressman, defender of the Alamo
The Ark of 1803: A Story of Louisiana Purchase Times
Studies of childhood
Some Common Birds in Their Relation to Agriculture
The archæology of the cuneiform inscriptions
Memories of the Civil War
The Nantucket Indians
The Dalrymples
Ban and Arriere Ban: A Rally of Fugitive Rhymes
A Romance of Youth — Complete
The Evolution of an Empire: A Brief Historical Sketch of England
Five Little Peppers and their Friends
Hawthorne and His Circle
The Bride of the Mistletoe
Aftermath: Part second of "A Kentucky Cardinal"
Bressant: A Novel
Dead Man's Plack and an Old Thorn
The Life of St. Paul
Much Darker Days
Young Mr. Barter's Repentance: From "Schwartz" by David Christie Murray
Wood Magic: A Fable
Arizona's yesterday : $b Being the narrative of John H. Cady, pioneer
On the Kentucky Frontier: A Story of the Fighting Pioneers of the West
The Crime of the Boulevard
England in the Days of Old
Marriage in Free Society
Scotch Wit and Humor
Kingsworth; or, The Aim of a Life
The Wreck of the Grosvenor, Volume 2 of 3: An account of the mutiny of the crew and the loss of the ship when trying to make the Bermudas
Spring notes from Tennessee
Nellie's Housekeeping: Little Sunbeams Series
Richard Wagner and His Poetical Work, from "Rienzi" to "Parsifal"
Consecrated Womanhood: A Sermon Preached in the First Congregational Church, Portland, Oregon
The Romance of Modern Sieges: Describing the personal adventures, resource and daring of besiegers and beseiged in all parts of the world
Fifteen Institute Lessons in Language, Arithmetic, and U.S. History
The Phantom Death, etc.
The Highlands and Islands of Scotland
Joe Napyank; or, The River Rifles
A Collection of Ballads
The Author of Beltraffio
Five Little Peppers Abroad
The Life of Kit Carson: Hunter, Trapper, Guide, Indian Agent and Colonel U.S.A.
The Ghost of Guir House
A Touch of Sun, and Other Stories
All He Knew: A Story
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, Vol. LXVIII, Sept. 1910: The New York Tunnel Extension of the Pennsylvania Railroad.; The East River Division. Paper No. 1152
His Heart's Queen
Shakspere, Personal Recollections
Terry; Or, She ought to have been a Boy
King of the Jews: A story of Christ's last days on Earth
"Surly Tim": A Lancashire Story
Starlight Ranch, and Other Stories of Army Life on the Frontier
Free Joe and Other Georgian Sketches
A Statistical Inquiry Into the Nature and Treatment of Epilepsy
Kitty's Conquest
The Mercy of the Lord
A Woman Martyr
Blazing Arrow: A Tale of the Frontier
The Good Wolf
The Kentucky Warbler
Wasps, Social and Solitary
The Boys' Book of Famous Rulers
Spain, v. 2 (of 2)
Browere's Life Masks of Great Americans
Cleopatra: A Study
The heart of Asia : $b A history of Russian Turkestan and the Central Asian Khanates from the earliest times
Cavalry: A Popular Edition of "Cavalry in War and Peace"
Village Folk-Tales of Ceylon, Volume 3 (of 3)
Attack of Fortified Places. Including Siege-works, Mining, and Demolitions.: Prepared for the use of the Cadets of the United States Military Academy
Common-Sense Papers on Cookery
Maiden Mona the Mermaid: A Fairy Play for Fairy People
The Attack on the Mill, and Other Sketches of War
Buffalo Bill's Bold Play; Or, The Tiger of the Hills
Buffalo Bill's Still Hunt; Or, The Robber of the Range
The Age of Justinian and Theodora: A History of the Sixth Century A.D., Volume 1 (of 2)
The Island Trapper; or, The Young White-Buffalo Hunters
The Cosmic Courtship
H.M.I.: Some Passages in the Life of One of H.M. Inspectors of Schools
The trial of Emile Zola: containing M. Zola's letter to President Faure relating to the Dreyfus case, and a full report of the fifteen days' proceedings in the Assize Court of the Seine, including testimony of witnesses and speeches of counsel
Peck's Bad Boy in an airship
Essays
A Group of Noble Dames
Eclectic School Readings: Stories from Life
Mrs. Day's Daughters
A Passionate Pilgrim
Hetty Gray; $b or, Nobody's bairn
The Jungle Fugitives: A Tale of Life and Adventure in India: Including also Many Stories of American Adventure, Enterprise and Daring
By The Sea: 1887
A Tame Surrender, A Story of The Chicago Strike
The Story of a Common Soldier of Army Life in the Civil War, 1861-1865
Jessica, the Heiress
Three Thousand Dollars
A Chariot of Fire
Aileen Aroon, A Memoir: With other Tales of Faithful Friends and Favourites
Horace Chase
Red Rowans
The Gypsy Queen's Vow
Luther, vol. 3 of 6
Helen's Babies
The Thirty-Ninth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, 1862-1865
Ireland under the Stuarts and During the Interregnum, Vol. 1 (of 3), 1603-1642
Dirty Dustbins and Sloppy Streets: A Practical Treatise on the Scavenging and Cleansing of Cities and Towns
Happy England
History of Chemistry, Volume 1 (of 2): From the earliest time to the middle of the nineteenth century
The Rajah's Heir: A Novel in 3 volumes
Selling Things
Hampshire Days
Buffalo Bill Entrapped; or, A Close Call
Intelligence in Plants and Animals: Being a New Edition of the Author's Privately Issued "Soul and Immortality."
The Hidden Cabin: a pathetic story in condensed form
The Cyclopedia of the Colored Baptists of Alabama: Their Leaders and Their Work
Slavery and the slave trade in Africa
Outlaw Jack; or, the mountain devil
Historical record of the 71st Regiment Highland Light Infantry: $b from its formation in 1777, under the title of the 73rd, or McLeod's Highlanders, up to the year 1876
Miss Devereux, spinster
Ready, aye ready!
A waif's progress
The Daughter of the Chieftain : the Story of an Indian Girl
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Volume 2
Sketches of the Covenanters
In the Wrong Paradise, and Other Stories
Bylow Hill
Troublous Times in Canada: A History of the Fenian Raids of 1866 and 1870
From Sail to Steam, Recollections of Naval Life
Camp-fire and Wigwam
Sister Dolorosa, and Posthumous Fame
Time in the Play of Hamlet
Contemporary Socialism
An Ambitious Woman: A Novel
From the Five Rivers
The Expositor's Bible: The Song of Solomon and the Lamentations of Jeremiah
The Natural Cure of Consumption, Constipation, Bright's Disease, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, "Colds" (Fevers), Etc.: How Sickness Originates, and How to Prevent It. A Health Manual for the People.
The Weird Sisters: A Romance. Volume 1 (of 3)
Ten years in the ranks, U.S. Army
Letters from the Holy Land
George in Camp; or, Life on the Plains
Little Wideawake: A story book for little children
Joseph Priestley
Early Days in Fort Worth, Much of Which I saw and Part of Which I Was
The Adventures of an Ugly Girl
American Architecture: Studies
Reminiscences of a Raconteur, Between the '40s and the '20s
Mary: The Queen of the House of David and Mother of Jesus: The Story of Her Life
The Missing Pocket-Book; Or, Tom Mason's Luck
Charles W. Quantrell: A True Report of His Guerrilla Warfare on the Missouri and Kansas Border During the Civil War of 1861 to 1865
The Sense of the Past
The Life and Times of Queen Victoria; vol. 3 of 4
The law of the road; or, wrongs and rights of a traveller
Stella Rosevelt : $b A novel
A new graft on the family tree
Greville Fane
A Romance of Youth — Volume 3
Canadian Notabilities, Volume 1
Who goes there? : $b The story of a spy in the Civil War
Deaconesses in Europe and their Lessons for America
A Fantasy of Mediterranean Travel
Views and Reviews: Essays in appreciation: Literature
"Seth"
The Uncle of an Angel: 1891
The Telegraph Messenger Boy; Or, The Straight Road to Success
Admiral Farragut
Memoirs of Life and Literature
Yellow-Cap and Other Fairy-Stories For Children
Commodore Barney's Young Spies: A Boy's Story of the Burning of the City of Washington
A Short History of England, Ireland and Scotland
Born to Wander: A Boy's Book of Nomadic Adventures
The Haunted Mine
Brother Against Brother; or, The Tompkins Mystery.: A Story of the Great American Rebellion.
Materfamilias
The Silver Shield: An Original Comedy in Three Acts
America, Volume 6 (of 6)
The Wreck of the Grosvenor, Volume 1 of 3: An account of the mutiny of the crew and the loss of the ship when trying to make the Bermudas
Wonder Stories of Travel
India Impressions, With some notes of Ceylon during a winter tour, 1906-7.
The Worst Boy in Town
The Conquest of Plassans (La Conquête de Plassans)
Illustrated Horse Breaking
An Essay on Laughter: Its Forms, Its Causes, Its Development and Its Value
The Border Bandits: An Authentic and Thrilling History of the Noted Outlaws, Jesse and Frank James
Andrée and His Balloon
Lightning Jo, the Terror of the Santa Fe Trail: A Tale of the Present Day
Over Fen and Wold
Wetzel, the Scout; or, The Captives of the Wilderness
English monasteries : $b From Saxon days to their dissolution
Handbook of violin playing
Laddie, and Miss Toosey's mission
A little tour in France
How to Fail in Literature: A Lecture
Fromont and Risler — Complete
The Mayor's Wife
Recalled to Life
Many Ways for Cooking Eggs
Esther : a book for girls
A Shepherd's Life: Impressions of the South Wiltshire Downs
A Peep Behind the Scenes
Shakspere and Montaigne: An Endeavour to Explain the Tendency of 'Hamlet' from Allusions in Contemporary Works
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Volume 5
American Political Ideas Viewed from the Standpoint of Universal History
Kincaid's Battery
A Backward Glance at Eighty: Recollections & Comment
The Tragedy of St. Helena
Direct Legislation by the Citizenship through the Initiative and Referendum
The Black Feather: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
The Torch Bearer: A Camp Fire Girls' Story
History of the United States, Volume 6
Lincoln's Last Hours
The Queen's Twin and Other Stories
The place of anarchism in socialistic evolution : $b an address delivered in Paris
How the Black St. Domingo Legion Saved the Patriot Army in the Siege of Savannah, 1779: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 5
Satan Absolved: A Victorian Mystery
A Trooper Galahad
The Curse of Koshiu: A Chronicle of Old Japan
The Hosts of the Lord
Frank on the Prairie
Franz Hals
America, Volume 5 (of 6)
The Secret of the Earth
Jack, the Young Ranchman: A Boy's Adventures in the Rockies
Jack, the Fire Dog
Ballad of the Lost Hare
A History of Booksellers, the Old and the New
The Romance of Gilbert Holmes: An Historical Novel
Renascence: A Book of Verse
The Early Life of Washington: Designed for the Instruction and Amusement of the Young
The Wolf Demon; or, The Queen of the Kanawha
The Emblems of Fidelity: A Comedy in Letters
Wealth against commonwealth
Reminiscences of a Private, Company "G", First Arkansas Regiment Infantry: May, 1861 to 1865
Russian literature
The queen of the isle : $b A novel
The island : $b or, an adventure of a person of quality
The Reign of Law; a tale of the Kentucky hemp fields
Andersonville: A Story of Rebel Military Prisons — Volume 1
Moral Philosophy: Ethics, Deontology and Natural Law
The Nation in a Nutshell
Idolatry: A Romance
Point Lace and Diamonds
Weather and Folk Lore of Peterborough and District
Tales of the Chesapeake
Goldsmith: English Men of Letters Series
Illustrated Catalogue of a Portion of the Collections Made During the Field Season of 1881: Third Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1881-82, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1884, pages 427-510
The Youth of Goethe
Girls and Women
The Author of Beltraffio
Messenger No. 48
The Miracle of the Great St. Nicolas: 1920
The Foot-path Way
Dick in the Desert
No Moss; Or, The Career of a Rolling Stone
Jessica Trent: Her Life on a Ranch
Man's Redemption of Man: A Lay Sermon
The Biological Problem of To-day: Preformation Or Epigenesis?: The Basis of a Theory of Organic Development
For the Major: A Novelette
Social Transformations of the Victorian Age: A Survey of Court and Country
Memoranda on the Maya Calendars Used in the Books of Chilan Balam
Dorothy
By-Ways of War: The Story of the Filibusters
A Boy Trooper with Sheridan
History of the Union Jack and Flags of the Empire
The Cruise of the "Lively Bee"; Or, A Boy's Adventures in the War of 1812
Bob: The Story of Our Mocking-bird
Bohemia, from the earliest times to the fall of national independence in 1620: With a short summary of later events
More Tales of the Birds
Trif and Trixy: A story of a dreadfully delightful little girl and her adoring and tormented parents, relations, and friends
A History of Parliamentary Elections and Electioneering in the Old Days: Showing the State of Political Parties and Party Warfare at the Hustings and in the House of Commons from the Stuarts to Queen Victoria
Ruth Erskine's Crosses
Through Portugal
The Wyoming Military Establishment. A History of the Twenty-fourth Regiment of Connecticut Militia: An Address Before the Tioga Point Historical Society, Delivered December 3rd, 1901
The Woman Movement
Days on the Road: Crossing the Plains in 1865
Universal peace—from a woman's standpoint
Character of Renaissance Architecture
The Education of the Child
Ancient China Simplified
In the Courts of Memory, 1858-1875; from Contemporary Letters
In Exile, and Other Stories
Without Dogma: A Novel of Modern Poland
The Story of Isaac Brock: Hero, Defender and Saviour of Upper Canada, 1812
The Boy Trapper
Old Kaskaskia
Mingo, and Other Sketches in Black and White
Sunset Pass; or, Running the Gauntlet Through Apache Land
The Argonauts
London Lectures of 1907
The Trial and Death of Jesus Christ: A Devotional History of Our Lord's Passion
Heroes of the Middle West: The French
As We Sweep Through The Deep
Reminiscences of Queensland, 1862-1869
Our Home in the Silver West: A Story of Struggle and Adventure
A Father of Women, and Other Poems
Hero Stories from American History: For Elementary Schools
Euthenics, the science of controllable environment: A plea for better living conditions as a first step toward higher human efficiency
The Battle of the Big Hole: A History of General Gibbon's Engagement with Nez Percés Indians in the Big Hole Valley, Montana, August 9th, 1877.
Morals and the Evolution of Man
Stand Fast, Craig-Royston! (Volume I)
Wizard Will, the Wonder Worker
Gorillas & Chimpanzees
Lily Norris' Enemy
Birds of the wave and woodland
Averil
Luther, vol. 5 of 6
Monsieur Bergeret in Paris
The Royal Road to Health; or, the Secret of Health Without Drugs
Time and Clocks: A Description of Ancient and Modern Methods of Measuring Time
The Birthplace
John Chambers, Servant of Christ and Master of Hearts, and His Ministry in Philadelphia
The Law's Lumber Room (Second Series)
Theosophy and Life's Deeper Problems: Being the Four Convention Lectures Delivered in Bombay at the Fortieth Anniversary of the Theosophical Society, December, 1915
Walks about Washington
Ninth Cavalry: One Hundred and Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers
Thomas Berthelet, Royal Printer and Bookbinder to Henry VIII., King of England
Some Common Birds Useful to the Farmer (1926 edition)
When Thoughts Will Soar: A romance of the immediate future
The Wine Press and the Cellar: A Manual for the Wine-Maker and the Cellar-Man
Manual of the apiary
Billiards
The phantom hunter; or, love after death
Nature's invitation: Notes of a bird-gazer, North and South
The story of chamber music
The Dominion of the Air: The Story of Aerial Navigation
The Beldonald Holbein
Frederick Chopin, as a Man and Musician — Volume 2
The Nature of Goodness
Toasts and Forms of Public Address for Those Who Wish to Say the Right Thing in the Right Way
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Volume 1
Experiments in Government and the Essentials of the Constitution
In the Footprints of the Padres
Sketches in the House: The Story of a Memorable Session (1893)
The Millionaire Baby
How to Add Ten Years to your Life and to Double Its Satisfactions
Peter the Hermit: A Tale of Enthusiasm
Eli: First published in the "Century Magazine"
Left Behind; Or, Ten Days a Newsboy
The Preacher and His Models: The Yale Lectures on Preaching 1891
Reminiscences of two years with the colored troops: Personal Narratives of events in the War of the Rebellion, being papers read before the Rhode Island Soldiers and Sailors Historical Society. No. 7, Second Series
Underground Man
Springtime and Other Essays
Child Verse: Poems Grave & Gay
A Humble Enterprise
The Cruise of the Snowbird: A Story of Arctic Adventure
The Weird Sisters: A Romance. Volume 3 (of 3)
Frank Before Vicksburg: The Gun-Boat Series
Colin Clink, Volume 1 (of 3)
Abraham Lincoln: The Practical Mystic
Along Alaska's Great River: A Popular Account of the Travels of an Alaska Exploring Expedition along the Great Yukon River, from Its Source to Its Mouth, in the British North-West Territory, and in the Territory of Alaska
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistle of St Paul to the Romans
The Mentor: Famous English Poets, Vol. 1, Num. 44, Serial No. 44
Mental Evolution in Man: Origin of Human Faculty
School Reading By Grades: Fifth Year
Two Women, 1862; a Poem
The Real Captain Kidd: A Vindication
The Last Three Soldiers
Grania, The Story of an Island (Complete)
Norway
A Capillary Crime, and Other Stories
Tales of an Old Sea Port: A General Sketch of the History of Bristol, Rhode Island, Including, Incidentally, an Account of the Voyages of the Norsemen, So Far as They May Have Been Connected with Narragansett Bay: and Personal Narratives of Some Notable Voyages Accomplished by Sailors from the Mount Hope Lands
Delaware Tom; or, The Traitor Guide
The Three Trappers; or, The Apache Chief's Ruse
The American Navy
Poseidon's paradise: the romance of Atlantis
Roger the ranger: A story of border life among the Indians
Angel: A sketch in Indian ink
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 05 (of 10)
Forty Centuries of Ink: Or, A chronological narrative concerning ink and its backgrounds, introducing incidental observations and deductions, parallels of time and color phenomena, bibliography, chemistry, poetical effusions, citations, anecdotes and curiosa together with some evidence respecting the evanescent character of most inks of to-day and an epitome of chemico-legal ink.
Sir Dominick Ferrand
Andersonville: A Story of Rebel Military Prisons — Volume 2
Andersonville: A Story of Rebel Military Prisons — Volume 3
One Thousand Questions in California Agriculture Answered
Essays on Work and Culture
Made-Over Dishes
The Subterranean Brotherhood
Sunrise
Warrior Gap: A Story of the Sioux Outbreak of '68.
Esmeralda
Eight Illustrations to Shakespeare's Tempest: Designed by Walter Crane
Viking Boys
For The Honor Of France: 1891
John the Baptist
The Chautauqua Girls At Home
Lord John Russell
A Sunny Little Lass
Breaking with the Past; Or, Catholic Principles Abandoned at the Reformation
Wayside Weeds
Greene Ferne Farm
Climbing in The British Isles, Vol. 2 - Wales and Ireland
The Life of a Conspirator: Being a Biography of Sir Everard Digby by One of His Descendants
The Campers Out; Or, The Right Path and the Wrong
Tempest-Driven: A Romance (Vol. 1 of 3)
Plays by August Strindberg, Fourth Series
The German Lieutenant, and Other Stories
Her Dark Inheritance
An Examination of Weismannism
The Mentor: American Pioneer Prose Writers,: Vol. 4, Num. 6, Serial No. 106, May 1, 1916
Mountaineering in the Sierra Nevada
Nelly Channell
Cancer: Its Cause and Treatment, Volume 1 (of 2)
Notes on Novelists, with Some Other Notes
Wolf Ear the Indian: A story of the great uprising of 1890-91
The Church Year and Kalendar
A Summer in Maryland and Virginia; Or, Campaigning with the 149th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.: A Sketch of Events Connected with the Service of the Regiment in Maryland and the Shenandoah Valley, Virginia
When the Sea Gives Up Its Dead: A Thrilling Detective Story
Lady Athlyne
The Scarlet Shoulders; or, The Miner Rangers
A Letter From the Fire: Being an Account of the Great Chicago Fire.
In Old Madras
Five thousand pounds
Poems
The Point of View
In the Pecos Country
A Terrible Secret: A Novel
The History of Australian Exploration from 1788 to 1888
Archibald Malmaison
Idle Hour Stories
Allegories of Life
Austin and His Friends
Riley Songs of Home
The Discipline of War: Nine Addresses on the Lessons of the War in Connection with Lent
A Great Emergency and Other Tales
A Critical Examination of Socialism
We and the World: A Book for Boys. Part II
The Road to Mandalay: A Tale of Burma
Two Boys in Wyoming: A Tale of Adventure: (Northwest Series, No. 3)
A Vanished Hand
Ancient art of the province of Chiriqui, Colombia: Sixth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1884-1885, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1888, pages 3-188
The Song of Lancaster, Kentucky: To the statesmen, soldiers, and citizens of Garrard County.
Rustic Sounds, and Other Studies in Literature and Natural History
Gunpowder Treason and Plot, and Other Stories for Boys
Sketch of Dunbarton, New Hampshire
Poems
Hertzian Wave Wireless Telegraphy
Miss Dividends: A Novel
Shelley
The Weird Sisters: A Romance. Volume 2 (of 3)
The Pit Town Coronet: A Family Mystery, Volume 3 (of 3)
Adventures in Alaska
Jack in the Rockies: A Boy's Adventures with a Pack Train
That Last Waif; or, Social Quarantine
The Life and Times of Col. Daniel Boone, Hunter, Soldier, and Pioneer: With Sketches of Simon Kenton, Lewis Wetzel, and Other Leaders in the Settlement of the West
Pilgrim Sorrow: A Cycle of Tales
What Happened to Me
Twice-born Men in America: or, The Psychology of Conversion as Seen by a Christian Psychologist in Rescue Mission Work
Famous Fights of Indian Native Regiments
The Cruise of the Sally D
Shinto: The ancient religion of Japan
Famous leaders among men
The changing world, and lectures to theosophical students.: Fifteen lectures delivered in London during May, June, and July, 1909
Altruism: Its Nature and Varieties
Suicide: Its History, Literature, Jurisprudence, Causation, and Prevention
The Kingdom of Man
In Great Waters: Four Stories
Harvesting Ants and Trap-Door Spiders: Notes and Observations on Their Habits and Dwellings
Mixed Pickles
The Making of a Man
Apes and Monkeys: Their Life and Language
Sculptured tombs of Hellas
Earle Wayne's nobility
On books and arts
The Eve of the French Revolution
Nancy: A Novel
Oonomoo the Huron
Adventures in New Guinea
Gypsy's Cousin Joy
Ray's Daughter: A Story of Manila
Andrew Melville
Love to the Uttermost: Expositions of John XIII.-XXI.
The Cobbler In The Devil's Kitchen: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Lodusky
An Idyl of the East Side: 1891
Waring's Peril
Under the Liberty Tree: A Story of The 'Boston Massacre'
Training the Teacher
A Frenchman in America: Recollections of Men and Things
Wonderland; or, Alaska and the inland passage: With a description of the country traversed by the Northern Pacific Railroad
Colour Measurement and Mixture
Was the Beginning Day of the Maya Month Numbered Zero (or Twenty) or One?
Makers and Romance of Alabama History
The Wreck of the Grosvenor, Volume 3 of 3: An account of the mutiny of the crew and the loss of the ship when trying to make the Bermudas
Bessie at the Sea-Side
A.B.C. of Snap Shooting: Sporting, Exhibition, and Military
The Wicker Work Woman: A Chronicle of Our Own Times
The Story of Old Fort Dearborn
The Modern Vikings: Stories of Life and Sport in the Norseland
A Rebellion in Dixie
Work [Travail]
Good Form for All Occasions: A Manual of Manners, Dress and Entertainment for Both Men and Women
Bernardin de St. Pierre
Water pollution—Wells
Buffalo Bill's Weird Warning; Or, Dauntless Dell's Rival
The Tale of the Great Mutiny
The Millbank Case: A Maine Mystery of To-day
Four Masters of Etching
The First Church's Christmas barrel
Our Arctic province : $b Alaska and the Seal Islands
The fool of the family
Thomas Jefferson, a Character Sketch
Froudacity; West Indian Fables by James Anthony Froude Explained by J. J. Thomas
The Potato Child & Others
Fielding
Old Caravan Days
Widger's Quotes and Images from The Red Lily by Anatole France: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
The Bishop's Shadow
Lucky Pehr
Frank, the Young Naturalist
Prince Fortunatus
Life of Father Hecker
The House in the Mist
The Land We Live In: The Story of Our Country
A Wounded Name
Wilton School; or, Harry Campbell's Revenge
Saint Patrick: 1887
Campaigns of a Non-Combatant, and His Romaunt Abroad During the War
Cavalry in Future Wars
A Boy I Knew and Four Dogs
The Sun Maid: A Story of Fort Dearborn
Civil War Experiences: under Bayard, Gregg, Kilpatrick, Custer, Raulston, and Newberry, 1862, 1863, 1864
Irish Nationality
The Bishop and the Boogerman
World's End: A Story in Three Books
Auricular Confession and Popish Nunneries: Volumes I. and II., Complete
Popery! As It Was and as It Is. Also, Auricular Confession; And Popish Nunneries
Dorothy, and Other Italian Stories
Odd Bits of History: Being Short Chapters Intended to Fill Some Blanks
Maud Florence Nellie; or, Don't care!
A Little Change: A Farce in One Scene
Wagner at Home
The Death Ship: A Strange Story, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Elm-tree on the Mall
An Australian Girl
History of the Life of Gustavus Adolphus II., the Hero-General of the Reformation
The Structure and Life-history of the Cockroach (Periplaneta orientalis): An Introduction to the Study of Insects
Midnight Jack, or The road-agent
William Dampier
The Flowing Bowl: A Treatise on Drinks of All Kinds and of All Periods, Interspersed with Sundry Anecdotes and Reminiscences
History of Geography
The Criticism of the Fourth Gospel: Eight Lectures on the Morse Foundation, Delivered in the Union Seminary, New York in October and November 1904
Forest, Lake and Prairie: Twenty Years of Frontier Life in Western Canada—1842-62
The First Duke and Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Jungle Tales
The Boy Ranger; or, The Heiress of the Golden Horn
Old Ruff, the Trapper; or, The Young Fur-Hunters
Wolf-Cap; or, The Night-Hawks of the Fire-Lands: A Tale of the Bloody Fort
Leaves from our Tuscan kitchen; or, How to cook vegetables
Threads gathered up : $b A sequel to "Virgie's Inheritance"
The legend of Perseus, Volume 3 (of 3) : $b Andromeda. Medusa.
Adventures Among Books
The Royal Road to Health; Or, the Secret of Health Without Drugs
Michael's Crag
The Reconciliation of Races and Religions
Introduction to the Dramas of Balzac
The House of the Whispering Pines
A Little Boy Lost
A Florida Sketch-Book
Aunt Rachel: A Rustic Sentimental Comedy
A Good-For-Nothing: 1876
Oowikapun, or, How the Gospel reached the Nelson River Indians
Are the Effects of Use and Disuse Inherited?: An Examination of the View Held by Spencer and Darwin
Personal Friendships of Jesus
Theo: A Sprightly Love Story
Our Bessie
Buffalo Bill's Spy Trailer; Or, The Stranger in Camp
Montezuma: An Epic on the Origin and Fate of the Aztec Nation
On the Trail of Deserters; A Phenomenal Capture
A brief sketch of the work of Matthew Fontaine Maury during the war, 1861-1865
The Evolution of an Empire: A Brief Historical Sketch of France
Ephemera Critica; Or, Plain Truths About Current Literature
Darwin, and After Darwin, Volume 3 of 3: Post-Darwinian Questions: Isolation and Physiological Selection
Woman and Artist
The Army Mule, and Other War Sketches
Addison
America, Volume 3 (of 6)
Shakespeare as a Dramatic Artist: A Popular Illustration of the Principles of Scientific Criticism
Daisy's Work: The Third Commandment
Home Again with Me
Babylon, Volume 3
Fanny Burney (Madame D'Arblay)
A Middy's Recollections, 1853-1860
The Skirts of the Great City
Are We of Israel?
General Nelson's Scout
The Golden Key; Or, A Heart's Silent Worship
From Memory's Shrine: The Reminscences of Carmen Sylva
Nooks and Corners: being the companion volume to 'From Kitchen to Garret'
October, and Other Poems; with Occasional Verses on the War
Extempore Speech: How to Acquire and Practice It
Lady Kilpatrick
Snagged and Sunk; Or, The Adventures of a Canvas Canoe
Poems
Index for Works of Robert W. Buchanan: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
Grania, The Story of an Island; vol. 1/2
Cancer: Its Cause and Treatment, Volume 2 (of 2)
Buffalo Bill's Girl Pard; Or, Dauntless Dell's Daring
The Flying Boys to the Rescue
Twenty Unsettled Miles in the Northeast Boundary: [From the Report of the Council of the American Antiquarian Society, presented at the Annual Meeting held in Worcester, October 21, 1896]
Queens of old Spain
The Real Lady Hilda: A Sketch
Wild Nat, the Trooper; or, The Cedar Swamp Brigade
Mrs. Siddons
Life of Her Majesty Queen Victoria
Riallaro: The Archipelago of Exiles
Washington, its sights and insights [1903]
The city of Jerusalem
Brownie's triumph
The land of the Bey : $b Being impressions of Tunis under the French
Colour vision : $b Being the Tyndall Lectures delivered in 1894 at the Royal Institution
Empty chairs
Parish life in mediæval England
Ballades & Rhymes from Ballades in Blue China and Rhymes a la Mode
The Golden Bowl — Volume 1
The Lost Trail
English Men of Letters: Coleridge
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Volume 4
Initiation into Literature
The Secrets of the Great City: A Work Descriptive of the Virtues and the Vices, the Mysteries, Miseries and Crimes of New York City
The Healing of Nations and the Hidden Sources of Their Strife
So Runs the World
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: Paul Kauvar; or, Anarchy
Divers Women
Recollections: With Photogravure Portrait of the Author and a number of; Original Letters, of which one by George Meredith and; another by Robert Louis Stevenson are reproduced in; facsimile
One Day At Arle
"Laramie;" Or, The Queen of Bedlam. A Story of the Sioux War of 1876
Modern Substitutes for Christianity
A Soldier's Trial: An Episode of the Canteen Crusade
The Land of Lost Toys
Alas! A Novel
Garrick's Pupil
Louisiana
Psycho-Phone Messages
Bijou
My Lords of Strogue, Vol. 1 (of 3): A Chronicle of Ireland, from the Convention to the Union
Famous American Statesmen
Expositor's Bible: The Gospel of St Luke
In Silk Attire: A Novel
Curiosities of Light and Sight
My Danish Sweetheart: A Novel. Volume 3 of 3
The Light Keepers: A Story of the United States Light-house Service
Griselda: a society novel in rhymed verse
The Growth of a Soul
The Last Entry
Belle Powers' Locket
Rogues and Vagabonds
The Disaster Which Eclipsed History: The Johnstown Flood
Cadet Days: A Story of West Point
The Mentor: Butterflies, Vol. 3, Num. 12, Serial No. 88, August 2, 1915
Reconstruction and the Constitution, 1866-1876
A Struggle for a Fortune
The telephone : $b a lecture entitled Researches in electric telephony
Persian Literature, Ancient and Modern
Luncheons: A Cook's Picture Book
Madame X: a story of mother-love
Anthony Trollope; His Work, Associates and Literary Originals
Through the Desert
The Rod and Gun Club
The Sportsman's Club Afloat
The Wreck of the Corsaire
Tom Newcombe; Or, the Boy of Bad Habits
The Magic Cameo: A Love Story
The Wolf Queen; or, The Giant Hermit of the Scioto
A Son of the Ages: The Reincarnations and Adventures of Scar, the Link: A Story of Man From the Beginning
The Wolf-Men: A Tale of Amazing Adventure in the Under-World
Sparrow the tramp: A fable for children
Tales for Christmas Eve
The shoemaker: A powerful picture of nature, adapted from Hal Reid's famous drama of the same name
Fine prints
Young Peggy McQueen
Shakespeare's environment
Roy : $b A tale in the days of Sir John Moore
Aeroplanes
A Monk of Fife: Being the Chronicle Written by Norman Leslie of Pitcullo, Concerning Marvellous Deeds That Befell in the Realm of France, in the Years of Our Redemption, MCCCCXXIX-XXXI
Old Friends: Essays in Epistolary Parody
From Wealth to Poverty; Or, the Tricks of the Traffic. A Story of the Drink Curse
Confessions and Criticisms
Marse Henry: An Autobiography (Volume 1)
Mary Had a Little Lamb: Recording taken from Movietone Production news film
Big and Little Sisters: A Story of an Indian Mission School
Cowmen and Rustlers: A Story of the Wyoming Cattle Ranges
Autobiographical Sketches
The Spirit and the Word: A Treatise on the Holy Spirit in the Light of a Rational Interpretation of the Word of Truth
The Basis of Morality
Beadle's Boy's Library of Sport, Story and Adventure, Vol. I, No. 1.: Adventures of Buffalo Bill from Boyhood to Manhood
Five years in New Zealand (1859 to 1864)
The Law and Lawyers of Pickwick: A Lecture
Klondike Nuggets, and How Two Boys Secured Them
Halsey & Co.: or, The Young Bankers and Speculators
Bulldog And Butterfly: From "Schwartz" by David Christie Murray
The Cursed Patois: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
On the Indian Trail: Stories of Missionary Work among Cree and Salteaux Indians
A Border Ruffian: 1891
History of Education
John Brown: A Retrospect: Read before The Worcester Society of Antiquity, Dec. 2, 1884.
An Obscure Apostle: A Dramatic Story
The Panjandrum Picture Book
Works of George W. Peck: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions of the "Bad Boy" Series and Others
Si Klegg, Book 4: Experiences of Si and Shorty on the Great Tullahoma Campaign
The Bull-Run Rout: Scenes Attending the First Clash of Volunteers in the Civil War
Jonathan and His Continent: Rambles Through American Society
Little Pills, an Army Story: Being Some Experiences of a United States Army Medical Officer on the Frontier Nearly a Half Century Ago
Annie o' the Banks o' Dee
The Millionaire Baby
The First Easter
The Ascent of Man
America, Volume 2 (of 6)
Bessie in the City
Method in the Study of Totemism
John Smith's Funny Adventures on a Crutch: Or The Remarkable Peregrinations of a One-legged Soldier after the War
The Flying Boys in the Sky
Stand Pat; Or, Poker Stories from the Mississippi
Unvarnished Tales
Who Was Paul Grayson?
Frank Nelson in the Forecastle; Or, The Sportman's Club Among the Whalers
Don Gordon's Shooting-Box
Men We Meet in the Field; or, The Bullshire Hounds
The New Abelard: A Romance, Volume 1 (of 3)
Ypres to Verdun: A Collection of Photographs of the War areas in France & Flanders
The Spanish Galleon: Being an account of a search for sunken treasure in the Caribbean Sea.
The Structure and Habits of Spiders
The Clerk of the Woods
A Pair of Them
Through Colonial Doorways
Little Guzzy, and other stories
How to write the history of a parish
A rolling stone
The mighty deep : $b and what we know of it
Hand-book of punctuation : $b with instructions for capitalization, letter-writing, and proof-reading
Lives of the electricians : $b Professors Tyndall, Wheatstone, and Morse.
Biographies of Working Men
The Land of the Blue Flower
The Gerrard Street Mystery and Other Weird Tales
Cambridge Sketches
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Volume 3
The Gospels in the Second Century: An Examination of the Critical Part of a Work Entitled 'Supernatural Religion'
Cessions of Land by Indian Tribes to the United States: Illustrated by Those in the State of Indiana: First Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1879-80, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1881, pages 247-262
Foes in Ambush
Kate Danton, or, Captain Danton's Daughters: A Novel
Riley Love-Lyrics
Prince Prigio
Rattlin the Reefer
Four Meetings
The Old Stone House and Other Stories
VC — A Chronicle of Castle Barfield and of the Crimea
Our Frank: and other stories
The Story of Commodore John Barry
A Hundred Years by Post: A Jubilee Retrospect
Tomato Culture: A Practical Treatise on the Tomato
Heathen Master Filcsik
Charles Darwin
Sharing Her Crime: A Novel
Victor Hugo: His Life and Work
Birket Foster, R.W.S.: Sixteen examples in colour of the artist's work
England, Canada and the Great War
From Squire to Squatter: A Tale of the Old Land and the New
Trees: A Woodland Notebook: Containing Observations on Certain British and Exotic Trees
Miss Stuart's Legacy
A Bottle in the Smoke: A Tale of Anglo-Indian Life
America, Volume 1 (of 6)
The Last Christmas Tree: An Idyl of Immortality
The Houseboat Book: The Log of a Cruise from Chicago to New Orleans
Mamie's Watchword
Colin Clink, Volume 2 (of 3)
Middlesex: Painted by John Fulleylove; described by A.R. Hope Moncrieff
The Hero of Manila: Dewey on the Mississippi and the Pacific
The Old Humanities and the New Science
Robert Helmont: Diary of a Recluse, 1870-1871
Pax mundi: A concise account of the progress of the movement for peace by means of arbitration, neutralization, international law and disarmament
History of the United States
Luther, vol. 6 of 6
History of Chemistry, Volume 2 (of 2): From 1850 to 1910
Chronicles of Chicora Wood
Balaam and His Master, and Other Sketches and Stories
Royalty in All Ages: The Amusements, Eccentricities, Accomplishments, Superstitions and Frolics of the Kings and Queens of Europe
The Baritone's Parish; or, "All Things to All Men"
The Dawn of Modern Medicine: An Account of the Revival of the Science and Art of Medicine Which Took Place in Western Europe During the Latter Half of the Eighteenth Century and the First Part of the Nineteenth
Boys of the Central: A High-School Story
Alone on a Wide Wide Sea, Vol. 1 (of 3)
The Life and Times of Queen Victoria; vol. 4 of 4
The Chronicles of Aunt Minervy Ann
Ben, the Trapper; Or, The Mountain Demon: A Tale of the Black Hills
The Forgotten Man, and Other Essays
The Tower of London, (Vol. 1 of 2)
List, Ye Landsmen! A Romance of Incident
Volcanoes: What They are and What They Teach
The book of Edinburgh anecdote
British freewomen : $b Their historical privilege
The basic facts of economics : $b A common-sense primer for advanced students
A Romance of Youth — Volume 1
The History of the United States from 1492 to 1910, Volume 1: From Discovery of America October 12, 1492 to Battle of Lexington April 19, 1775
Widger's Quotes and Images from Serge Panine by George Ohnet: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Mrs. Overtheway's Remembrances
Boer Politics
The Lady of Fort St. John
The Wiradyuri and Other Languages of New South Wales
Lanier of the Cavalry; or, A Week's Arrest
The Scientific Evidences of Organic Evolution
Uncle Rutherford's Nieces: A Story for Girls
The New Minister's Great Opportunity: First published in the "Century Magazine"
Good Blood
The Mothers Of Honoré: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Anna Seward, and Classic Lichfield
Ralph Gurney's Oil Speculation
Almost A Man
The Ballotless Victim of One-Party Governments: The American Negro Academy, Occasional Papers No. 16
The Life of Nancy
The West Indies and the Spanish Main
Food Habits of the Thrushes of the United States
The Actress' Daughter: A Novel
The Revolutionary Movement of 1848-9 in Italy, Austria-Hungary, and Germany: With Some Examination of the Previous Thirty-three Years
The Minute Man on the Frontier
The Last Call: A Romance (Vol. 2 of 3)
Jessie's Parrot
Fair Haven and Foul Strand
Craft Gilds
Harvey's Views on the Use of the Circulation of the Blood
An Account of the Insects Noxious to Agriculture and Plants in New Zealand: The Scale Insects (Coccididae)
Luther, vol. 2 of 6
The White Stone
A History of Matrimonial Institutions, Vol. 1 of 3
A Country Idyl, and Other Stories
Scouting Dave: The Trail Hunter
Reminiscences of a Soldier of the Orphan Brigade
Beyond the Old Frontier: Adventures of Indian-Fighters, Hunters, and Fur-Traders
William Hamilton Gibson: artist—naturalist—author
Kew Gardens: With 24 full-page Illustrations in Colour
Guy Harris, the Runaway
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George T. Ferris
Mr. Rabbit at Home: A sequel to Little Mr. Thimblefinger and his Queer Country
Saddle, Sled and Snowshoe: Pioneering on the Saskatchewan in the Sixties
Lob Lie-By-The-Fire, The Brownies and Other Tales
Milly: At Love's Extremes; A Romance of the Southland
The Herschels and Modern Astronomy
Chinese vs. Negroes as American Citizens: Mr. Scottron's Views on the Advantages of the Proposed Negro Colonization in South America
The Quiet Hotel: A Farcical Sketch in One Act
An Epic of Women, and Other Poems
Decadence: Henry Sidgwick memorial lecture, 1908
Incwadi Yami; or, twenty years' personal experience in South Africa
Colonel Crockett, the Texan trailer
The siege of Vicksburg, from the diary of Seth J. Wells
A bird of passage
Present status and prospects of the Peace Movement
Concerning the bi-literal cypher of Francis Bacon discovered in his works
A bitter reckoning; $b or, Violet Arleigh
Bonnie Scotland and what we owe her
The Use and Need of the Life of Carry A. Nation
Never Again! A Protest and a Warning Addressed to the Peoples of Europe
A Bit of Old China
Two Months in the Camp of Big Bear
David Poindexter's Disappearance, and Other Tales
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Volume 1
The American Judiciary
Inferences from Haunted Houses and Haunted Men
Lady Rosamond's Secret: A Romance of Fredericton
Sunshine Factory
International copyright : $b considered in some of its relations to ethics and political economy
The Fête At Coqueville: 1907
The Busted Ex-Texan, and Other Stories
The Road and the Roadside
Elam Storm, the Wolfer; Or, The Lost Nugget
Why I Preach the Second Coming
The Economic Functions of Vice
Etna: A History of the Mountain and of its Eruptions
Rockhaven
Personal Recollections of Chickamauga: A Paper Read before the Ohio Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States
George Eliot
A Mere Chance: A Novel. Vol. 1
Gold and Incense: A West Country Story
Tempest-Driven: A Romance (Vol. 3 of 3)
The Endowed Charities of Kensington: By Whom Bequeathed, and How Administered
Echoes of Old Lancashire
Calvary: A Novel
India under Ripon: A Private Diary
The Mentor: American Novelists, Vol. 1, No. 25
John Black, the Apostle of the Red River: Or, How the Blue Banner Was Unfurled on Manitoba Prairies
Suburban Residences, and How to Circumvent Them
Farm Legends
The New Abelard: A Romance, Volume 2 (of 3)
Poems
Jewish Portraits
Madame de Staël
Walking essays
Clemenceau, the Man and His Time
The Temples and Ritual of Asklepios at Epidauros and Athens: Two Lectures Delivered at the Royal Institution of Great Britain
Master Rockafellar's Voyage
A China cup, and other stories for children
Little Rifle; or, The Young Fur Hunters
The Punishment of the Stingy, and Other Indian Stories
The naval cadet: A story of adventures on land and sea
The Wood King; or, Daniel Boone's last trail
A Southern Cross fairy tale
Jane Austen's sailor brothers: Being the adventures of Sir Francis Austen, G.C.B., Admiral of the Fleet and Rear-Admiral Charles Austen
Phronsie Pepper : $b The youngest of the "Five Little Peppers"
Nature readers : $b Sea-side and way-side. No. 1
The Bible of nature : $b or, The principles of secularism. A contribution to the religion of the future
Books and their makers during the Middle Ages : $b A study of the conditions of the production and distribution of literature from the fall of the Roman empire to the close of the seventeenth century, Vol. II
The Complete Works of James Whitcomb Riley — Volume 1
Select Poems of Sidney Lanier
Getting Gold: A Practical Treatise for Prospectors, Miners and Students
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 1
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Volume 4
Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason's Corner Folks: A Picture of New England Home Life
The Pianoforte Sonata: Its Origin and Development
Gypsy Breynton
Ralph Granger's Fortunes
Under the Trees and Elsewhere
Old Man Savarin, and Other Stories
Christie's old organ : $b or, Home, sweet home
The Kitchen Cat, and other Tales
Old Groans and New Songs: Being Meditations on the Book of Ecclesiastes
Norine's Revenge, and, Sir Noel's Heir
The Old Riddle and the Newest Answer
Hoosier Mosaics
Twenty Quick Soups
Patroclus and Penelope: A Chat in the Saddle
A Fool's Paradise: An Original Play in Three Acts
The Last Call: A Romance (Vol. 1 of 3)
The Duke's Sweetheart: A Romance
Amethyst: The Story of a Beauty
White Heather: A Novel (Volume 2 of 3)
The Women's Victory—and After: Personal Reminiscences, 1911-1918
The Connecticut Wits, and Other Essays
The Cruise of the "Janet Nichol" Among the South Sea Islands: A Diary
Cardinal Wolsey
The Martyrdom of Madeline
Oxford Water-Colours
Literary Landmarks of Venice
Miss Crespigny
Young Jack Harkaway Fighting the Pirates of the Red Sea
The Great Thames Barrage
Canada, the Spellbinder
The Collected Works of Ambrose Bierce, Volume 12: In Motley
Hawaiian Historical Legends
Labour and the Popular Welfare
Friends on the Shelf
The Salton Sea: An account of Harriman's fight with the Colorado River
The urine dance of the Zuni Indians of New Mexico
The dread Apache: That early-day scourge of the Southwest
Ireland's disease
Odds and ends
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 07 (of 10)
The Anti-Slavery Crusade: A Chronicle of the Gathering Storm
Leah Mordecai: A Novel
My Robin
Quotes and Images from Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud
Marse Henry: An Autobiography, Complete
Ilka on the Hill-Top and Other Stories
The Curious Case of Lady Purbeck: A Scandal of the XVIIth Century
The Chief Legatee
Making the Most of Life
Culm Rock: The Story of a Year: What it Brought and What it Taught
Schwartz: A History: From "Schwartz" by David Christie Murray
The Village Convict: First published in the "Century Magazine"
John Eliot's First Indian Teacher and Interpreter Cockenoe-de-Long Island and The Story of His Career from the Early Records
Every Man His Own Poet; Or, The Inspired Singer's Recipe Book
The Kitchen Cat and Other Stories
Uncle Terry: A Story of the Maine Coast
Social Justice Without Socialism
A Farmer's Wife: The Story of Ruth
Through Apache Land
Mary, the Help of Christians: Novenas in Preparation for the Principal Feasts of the Blessed Virgin
The Morality of Woman, and Other Essays
Judith Trachtenberg: A Novel
In the Yellow Sea
The Adopted Son: The Story of Moses
Donald Ross of Heimra (Volume 1 of 3)
Off Santiago with Sampson
The Boy Spies with the Regulators: The Story of How the Boys Assisted the Carolina Patriots to Drive the British from That State
Terry's Texas Rangers
The Life and Letters of George John Romanes, M.A., LL.D., F.R.S.
Viscount Dundee
Carols of Canada, Etc., Etc.
Rome
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Joel Chandler Harris
The Forest Monster; or, Lamora, the Maid of the Canon
Our Summer Migrants: An Account of the Migratory Birds Which Pass the Summer in the British Islands.
The Mystery of Lost River Canyon
Southey
My Shipmate Louise: The Romance of a Wreck, Volume 1 (of 3)
Notes in Japan
Geography of the Air
California
For a Night of Love
The private life, The wheel of time, Lord Beaupré, The visits, Collaboration, Owen Wingrave.
Buffalo Bill's Pursuit; Or, The Heavy Hand of Justice
Familiar Studies in Homer
Alkibiades, a tale of the Great Athenian War
With Grant at Fort Donelson, Shiloh and Vicksburg: and an appreciation of General U. S. Grant
Animal portraiture
Old comrades
Louie's married life
A thousand miles on an elephant in the Shan States
The Complete Works of James Whitcomb Riley — Volume 10
Arizona Sketches
The Malady of the Century
Richard of Jamestown : a Story of the Virginia Colony
Widger's Quotes and Images from Zilah by Jules Claretie: The French Immortals: Quotes And Images
Widger's Quotes and Images from Fromont and Risler by Alphonse Daudet: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
The Earlier Work of Titian
If Only etc.
The Things Which Remain: An Address To Young Ministers
The Unseen Bridegroom; Or, Wedded For a Week
Brothers of Pity and Other Tales of Beasts and Men
The Shellback's Progress: In the Nineteenth Century
The Song of the Sword, and Other Verses
Faces and Places
A Book of Cheerful Cats and Other Animated Animals
The Wilderness Fugitives
Santa Fé's Partner: Being Some Memorials of Events in a New-Mexican Track-end Town
Zoe
Room Number 3, and Other Detective Stories
Si Klegg, Book 5: The Deacon's Adventures at Chattanooga in Caring for the Boys
Vivisection
Old Friends and New
A Marriage at Sea
The Chief Justice: A Novel
The Cricket's Friends: Tales Told by the Cricket, Teapot, and Saucepan
Tempest-Driven: A Romance (Vol. 2 of 3)
The Constant Prince
The Life of Jefferson Davis
The Boy Spies of Philadelphia: The Story of How the Young Spies Helped the Continental Army at Valley Forge
The Slave of the Mine; or, Jack Harkaway in 'Frisco
Leather for Libraries
Washington, its sights and insights [1909]
Smithson's Theory of Special Creation
John Holdsworth, Chief Mate
Queer Luck: Poker Stories from the New York Sun
English Church Architecture of the Middle Ages: An Elementary Handbook
Advice on Fox-Hunting
Vagabond Adventures
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Edward Sylvester Ellis
Canoe and camera : $b a two hundred mile tour through the Maine forests
Frontier Humor in Verse, Prose and Picture
Life in Canada
The Tower of London, (Vol. 2 of 2)
The chronicles of Michael Danevitch of the Russian Secret Service
The old town
Practical recitations: $b Selections for literary exercises appropriate for reception-days, holidays, poets' birthdays, etc.
The life of Adoniram Judson
Writers of Knickerbocker New York
The Pilgrim fathers of New England : $b a history
Amos Judd
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 06 (of 10)
Proper pride : $b A novel. Volume 1 (of 3)
Eurasia
The Chaperon
The Pension Beaurepas
Time's Laughingstocks, and Other Verses
The Making of an American
Healthful Sports for Boys
Sketches from Concord and Appledore: Concord thirty years ago; Nathaniel Hawthorne; Louisa M. Alcott; Ralph Waldo Emerson; Matthew Arnold; David A. Wasson; Wendell Phillips; Appledore and its visitors; John Greenleaf Whittier
Strong Hearts
The Evolution of "Dodd": A pedagogical story giving his struggle for the survival of the fittest, tracing his chances, his changes, and how he came out
The Cave in the Mountain: A Sequel to In the Pecos Country
Daniel Defoe
The Romance Of Giovanni Calvotti: From Coals Of Fire And Other Stories, Volume II. (of III.)
Up the Forked River; Or, Adventures in South America
Christ, Christianity and the Bible
Mrs. Turner's Cautionary Stories
Comrades
Romantic Spain: A Record of Personal Experiences (Vol. I)
Revisiting the Earth
Cynthia Wakeham's Money
The Young and Field Literary Readers, Book 2
In Honour Bound: An Original Play, in One Act.: (Suggested by Scribe's Five Act Comedy, "Une Chaine.")
By the Barrow River, and Other Stories
Donald Ross of Heimra (Volume 3 of 3)
Stray Pebbles from the Shores of Thought
Reminiscences of a Liverpool Shipowner, 1850-1920
Legends: Autobiographical Sketches
Philip of Texas: A Story of Sheep Raising in Texas
Luther, vol. 4 of 6
The Death Ship: A Strange Story, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Representative Women of Deseret: A Book of Biographical Sketches
Ten years of missionary work among the Indians at Skokomish, Washington Territory, 1874-1884
An Ocean Tragedy
The Young Scout: The Story of a West Point Lieutenant
Degeneration: A Chapter in Darwinism
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Herbert Allen Giles
Common-Sense Country
Jilted! Or, My Uncle's Scheme, Volume 1
Among the Lindens
Silver Rifle, the Girl Trailer; Or, The White Tigers of Lake Superior
Told in the twilight
The doings of Doris
The pearl divers and Crusoes of the Sargasso Sea
Lavinia
Carlota of the rancho
Ceres' Runaway, and Other Essays
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 3
Herb of Grace
Katherine's Sheaves
The Land of Mystery
Thoughts on Religion
Our Unitarian Gospel
How to Get on in the World: A Ladder to Practical Success
In Madeira Place: 1887
Our Pirate Hoard: 1891
Colleges in America
Mother Hubbard, Her Picture Book,: Containing Mother Hubbard, The Three Bears, & The Absurd A, B, C.
The Young Ranchers; Or, Fighting the Sioux
The Ultimate Criminal
The Princess and Joe Potter
Hymns in the Chinook Jargon Language
Songs of the Silent World, and Other Poems
Life Everlasting
The Amethyst Box
A Course of Lectures on the Principles of Domestic Economy and Cookery
One Year Abroad
Louisiana Beef Cattle
Judith Shakespeare: Her love affairs and other adventures
Shireen and her Friends: Pages from the Life of a Persian Cat
Fletcher of Madeley
Frank in the Mountains
Old-Time Nautical Instruments
Mary of Plymouth: A Story of the Pilgrim Settlement
English Interference with Irish Industries
The Courtships of Queen Elizabeth: A history of the various negotiations for her marriage
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 1
The Barbarity of Circumcision as a Remedy for Congenital Abnormality
Popular misgovernment in the United States
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 6
Observations of an Illinois Boy in Battle, Camp and Prisons—1861 to 1865
A Florida Sketch-Book
Winged Arrow's Medicine; Or, The Massacre at Fort Phil Kearney
The Story of Milk
The Little Lady of the Horse
The life record of H. W. Graber: A Terry Texas Ranger, 1861-1865; sixty-two years in Texas
A landscape painter
Some eminent Victorians: Personal recollections in the world of art and letters
Dusky Dick: or, Old Toby Castor's great campaign: A story of the last Sioux outbreak
Our Davie Pepper
Mountain life in Algeria
Sunshine and shadow, or, Paul Burton's surprise : $b A romance of the American Revolution
The inalienable heritage, and other poems
A rough sketch of modern Paris : $b or, Letters on society, manners, public curiosities, and amusements, in that capital
The butterfly guide : $b A pocket manual for the ready identification of the commoner species found in the United States and Canada
Letters on Literature
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 4
A Man of Samples. Something about the men he met "On the Road"
A Ramble of Six Thousand Miles through the United States of America
Shenandoah : A Military Comedy: Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911
Wit, humor, reason, rhetoric, prose, poetry and story woven into eight popular lectures
The Autobiography of a Play: Papers on Play-Making, II
Prince Ricardo of Pantouflia: Being the Adventures of Prince Prigio's Son
The Life of Duty, v. 2: A year's plain sermons on the Gospels or Epistles
Frictional Electricity: From "The Saturday Evening Post."
A report on the feasibility and advisability of some policy to inaugurate a system of rifle practice throughout the public schools of the country
Poppy's Presents
The Story of a Tinder-box
The Supply at Saint Agatha's
For the Right
The Domestic Cat
Solomon
My Danish Sweetheart: A Novel. Volume 1 of 3
Schenk's Theory: The Determination of Sex
Foxglove Manor: A Novel, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Art of Horse-Shoeing: A Manual for Farriers
A History of Matrimonial Institutions, Vol. 2 of 3
A Society Clown: Reminiscences
London (Ancient and Modern) from the Sanitary and Medical Point of View
The Great Lord Burghley: A study in Elizabethan statecraft
Grania, The Story of an Island; vol. 2/2
Primitive Manners and Customs
Christmas Stories
General Brock
"Let Us Have Peace": Remarks of Logan H. Roots on the Assassination of Hon. James Hinds, Delivered in the House of Representatives, Washington, D. C., on Friday, January 22, 1869.
Buffalo Bill's Big Surprise; Or, The Biggest Stampede on Record
The Little Fig-tree Stories
With Perry on Lake Erie : $b a tale of 1812
In two years' time, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Choir Invisible
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 5
The Little Hunchback Zia
The Mill Mystery
Legal Status of Women in Iowa
Sterne
The Chase of Saint-Castin and Other Stories of the French in the New World
Master of His Fate
Fred Fearnot's New Ranch: and How He and Terry Managed It
Eleven days in the militia during the war of the rebellion: A journal of the 'Emergency' campaign of 1862
The Battle of Allatoona, October 5th, 1864
The Frontier Angel: A Romance of Kentucky Rangers' Life
The Gospel of Evolution: From "The Atheistic Platform", Twelve Lectures
Montrose
A Year with the Birds: Third Edition, Enlarged
A Sketch of how "The Diamond Anthem" was Sung around the World: The 60th Anniversary of the Accession Day of Her Majesty Queen Victoria
Town Life in the Fifteenth Century, Volume 1 (of 2)
Samuell Gorton: A Forgotten Founder of our Liberties; First Settler of Warwick, R. I.
The New Abelard: A Romance, Volume 3 (of 3)
On Horseback Through Asia Minor, Volume 1 (of 2)
Mary Jane Married: Tales of a Village Inn
My Shipmate Louise: The Romance of a Wreck, Volume 2 (of 3)
Wrecked on Spider Island; Or, How Ned Rogers Found the Treasure
Kaipara; or, experiences of a settler in North New Zealand
Memoirs of a country doll. Written by herself
A Silent Singer
Paddy at Home ("Chez Paddy")
A Nine Days' Wonder
Cliquot: A Racing Story of Ideal Beauty
The First of the English: A Novel
The Girl Avenger; or, The Beautiful Terror of the Maumee
Neva's choice: A sequel to "Neva's three lovers"
Danger Cliff, and other stories
Mr. Jervis, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Launch the lifeboat!
Rube Burrow, king of outlaws, and his band of train robbers : $b An accurate and faithful history of their exploits and adventures
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 6
Andersonville: A Story of Rebel Military Prisons — Volume 4
The Golden Bowl — Volume 2
The Three Cities Trilogy: Rome, Volume 2
Heathen Slaves and Christian Rulers
The Clyde Mystery: a Study in Forgeries and Folklore
A British Islander: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
A Christmas Faggot
Famous Firesides of French Canada
The Man Who Did Not Die: The Story of Elijah
Campaigning in Cuba
The Minute Boys of Boston
The Numerical Strength of the Confederate Army: An examination of the argument of the Hon. Charles Francis Adams and others
The Two Twilights
A Plan for Securing Observations of the Variable Stars
Dickens As an Educator
A Mere Chance: A Novel. Vol. 2
Literary Shrines: The Haunts of Some Famous American Authors
My Danish Sweetheart: A Novel. Volume 2 of 3
Peter of New Amsterdam: A Story of Old New York
The Life of Isaac Ingalls Stevens, Volume 2 (of 2)
Colin Clink, Volume 3 (of 3)
Blood Royal: A Novel
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Deuteronomy
Poem Outlines
In the Land of Cave and Cliff Dwellers
The Book of the Fly: A nature study of the house-fly and its kin, the fly plague and a cure
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Frances Hodgson Burnett
Locomotive Engine Running and Management
Modern cosmogonies
The Mislaid Uncle
The Texas Hawks; or, The Strange Decoy
The Story of the Battle Hymn of the Republic
Hand-book of Sanitary Information for Householders: Containing facts and suggestions about ventilation, drainage, care of contageous diseases, disinfection, food, and water. With appendices on disinfectants and plumbers' materials.
Etching in England: With 50 illustrations.
Neva's three lovers: a novel
The Princess Casamassima (Volume 2 of 2)
The British soldier : $b his courage and humour
Angel's Christmas, and, Little Dot
Authors and their public in ancient times : $b a sketch of literary conditions and of the relations with the public of literary producers, from the earliest times to the fall of the Roman Empire
History of the Moorish Empire in Europe, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Margie's venture : $b or, When the ship comes home
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 5
Biographies of Working Men
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Volume 2
Little Saint Elizabeth and Other Stories
An Unwilling Maid: Being the History of Certain Episodes during the American Revolution in the Early Life of Mistress Betty Yorke, born Wolcott
The Mettle of the Pasture
Stage Confidences: Talks About Players and Play Acting
From the Ranks
Literary Hearthstones of Dixie
How Women Love (Soul Analysis)
Clovers and How to Grow Them
The Hawarden Visitors' Hand-Book: Revised Edition, 1890
An ethical problem; or, Sidelights upon scientific experimentation on man and animals
The Boy Patriot
Winter Adventures of Three Boys in the Great Lone Land
A War-Time Wooing: A Story
Black, White and Gray: A Story of Three Homes
Little Gidding and its inmates in the Time of King Charles I.: with an account of the Harmonies
Historical Essays
Eric: or, Under the Sea
Romantic Spain: A Record of Personal Experiences (Vol. II)
Some of My War Stories: A Paper Read before the Ohio Commandery of the Loyal legion
Is There a Santa Claus?
Personal Recollections of the Civil War: By One Who Took Part in It as a Private Soldier in the 21st Volunteer Regiment of Infantry from Massachusetts
Milton's Tercentenary: An address delivered before the Modern Language Club of Yale University on Milton's Three Hundredth Birthday.
A Child of the Sea; and Life Among the Mormons
The House in the Mist
Adventures in the Canyons of the Colorado, by Two of Its Earliest Explorers
Living for the Best
King-Errant
In the Tideway
Under St Paul's: A Romance
Niobe, All Smiles: A Farcical Comedy in Three Acts
The Plan of Salvation
The Sanitary Evolution of London
Foxglove Manor: A Novel, Volume 1 (of 3)
A Story of the Telegraph
Miss Parloa's Young Housekeeper: Designed Especially to Aid Beginners; Economical Receipts for Those Who Are Cooking for Two or Three
Two College Friends
Professor W. G. Elmslie, D.D.: Memoir and Sermons
The Life, Travels, and Literary Career of Bayard Taylor
The Fortunate Island, and Other Stories
The Steel Horse: The Rambles of a Bicycle
History of the Seventy-Second Regiment of the North Carolina Troops in the War Between the States, 1861-'65
Some Common Birds Useful to the Farmer (1915 edition)
The Boy Miners; Or, The Enchanted Island, A Tale of the Yellowstone Country
Practicable Socialism: Essays on Social Reform
Buffalo Bill's Ruse; Or, Won by Sheer Nerve
Thistledown: A Book of Scotch Humour, Character, Folk-lore, Story & Anecdote
Redlaw, the half-breed; or, The tangled trail. A tale of the settlements
Interference : $b A novel, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Frederick Chopin, as a Man and Musician — Volume 1
Bessie Bradford's Prize
Life of Edward Earl of Clarendon — Volume 02
The Last American: A Fragment from the Journal of Khan-li, Prince of Dimph-yoo-chur and Admiral in the Persian Navy
Pipes O'Pan at Zekesbury
Frank among the Rancheros
A Busy Year at the Old Squire's
The Phantom of the River
Marianson: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
The Coming of Evolution: The Story of a Great Revolution in Science
A History of the Army Experience of William A. Canfield
Boston Neighbours In Town and Out
The Future of Brooklyn
The New Paul and Virginia; Or, Positivism on an Island
The Life of Thomas Wanless, Peasant
Hand-book for Horsewomen
An English Squire
The Lettsomian Lectures on Diseases and Disorders of the Heart and Arteries in Middle and Advanced Life [1900-1901]
William Dwight Whitney
Chats on Old Miniatures
Fifteen New Ways for Oysters
The Peddler Spy; or, Dutchmen and Yankees. A Tale of the Capture of Good Hope
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 4
The Right Honourable Sir Henry Enfield Roscoe P.C., D.C.L., F.R.S.: A Biographical Sketch
The Boy Traders; Or, The Sportsman's Club Among the Boers
Reminiscences of Confederate Service, 1861-1865
Dagonet Ditties
The life and correspondence of Sir Anthony Panizzi, K.C.B., Vol. 2 (of 2): Late principal librarian of the British museum, senator of Italy, etc.
The Mate of the Good Ship York; Or, The Ship's Adventure
A Minor War History Compiled from a Soldier Boy's Letters to "the Girl I Left Behind Me": 1861-1864
The Yarn of Old Harbour Town
The Border Riflemen; or, The Forest Fiend. A Romance of the Black-Hawk Uprising
The Corsican Lovers
Through a pocket lens
Tahiti, the island paradise
The fortunate calamity
Married or single?, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Interference : $b A novel, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 7
The Idol of Paris
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Volume 3
Virgie's Inheritance
A Man and a Woman
Susan: A Story for Children
Documentary History of the Rio Grande Pueblos of New Mexico; I. Bibliographic Introduction: Papers of the School of American Archaeology, No. 13
The Gray Madam: 1899
Midnight In Beauchamp Row: 1895
"Shiloh" as Seen by a Private Soldier: With Some Personal Reminiscences
Killykinick
Concerning Justice
Wild Life in the Land of the Giants: A Tale of Two Brothers
The Christian Sabbath: Is It of Divine Origin?
Marmaduke
Freezing a Mother-in-Law; or, Suspended Animation: A farce in one act
Louise Chandler Moulton, Poet and Friend
Sea-gift: A Novel
The Siege and Conquest of the North Pole
Budge & Toddie; Or, Helen's Babies at Play
Beyond the Gates
Traced and Tracked; Or, Memoirs of a City Detective
Nicaraguan Antiquities
The Rival Trappers: or, Old Pegs, The Mountaineer
Portraits of places
Marooned on Australia : $b being the narration by Diedrich Buys of his discoveries and exploits in Terra Australis Incognita about the year 1630 / by Ernest Favenc
A quiet valley
From ploughshare to pulpit : $b A tale of the battle of life
Married or single? Vol. 3 (of 3)
The secret of the Australian desert
The Story of Electricity
Riley Farm-Rhymes
Widger's Quotes and Images from Jacqueline by Therese Bentzon: The French Immortals: Quotes And Images
The Three Cities Trilogy: Lourdes, Volume 5
Henry the Second
The Harris-Ingram Experiment
Boulogne-Sur-Mer: St. Patrick's Native Town
Education and the Higher Life
Sielanka: An Idyll
The Club at Crow's Corner
The Speech of Monkeys
Notes of a staff officer of our First New Jersey Brigade on the Seven Day's Battle on the peninsula in 1862
The Mormons and the Theatre; or, The History of Theatricals in Utah
O'er Many Lands, on Many Seas
Wild Adventures in Wild Places
A Literary Pilgrimage Among the Haunts of Famous British Authors
Donald Ross of Heimra (Volume 2 of 3)
The Life Savers: A story of the United States life-saving service
Imperial Federation: The Problem of National Unity
Vanishing Landmarks: The Trend Toward Bolshevism
A Practical Treatise on Smallpox
Leon Roch: A Romance, vol. 2 (of 2)
A Critique of Socialism: Read Before The Ruskin Club of Oakland California, 1905
Sailor Jack, the Trader
The Life of La Fayette, the Knight of Liberty in Two Worlds and Two Centuries
Matt: A Story of A Caravan
Ireland under the Stuarts and During the Interregnum, Vol. 3 (of 3), 1660-1690
Go-Ahead; Or, The Fisher-Boy's Motto
The Municipal and Sanitary Engineer's Handbook
The Mail Carrier
Waterways and Water Transport in Different Countries: With a description of the Panama, Suez, Manchester, Nicaraguan, and other canals.
Death and resurrection from the point of view of the cell-theory
Questions at Issue
The Life and Times of Queen Victoria; vol. 2 of 4
From Monkey to Man, or, Society in the Tertiary Age: A Story of the Missing Link, Showing the First Steps in Industry, Commerce, Government, Religion and the Arts; With an Account of the Great Expedition From Cocoanut Hill and the Wars in Alligator Swamp
Within the Pale: The True Story of Anti-Semitic Persecution in Russia
Chata and Chinita: A Novel
Quicksands
The Romance of the Moon
Jill, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Gleaner Tales
Memoirs of Bertha von Suttner: The Records of an Eventful Life (Vol. 2 of 2)
Women in white raiment
The Princess Casamassima (Volume 1 of 2)
The psychology of the poet Shelley
Proper pride : $b A novel. Volume 3 (of 3)
Wordsworth
Round Anvil Rock: A Romance
Up in Ardmuirland
The Blue Man: From "Mackinac And Lake Stories", 1899
Through Nature to God
The Last Call: A Romance (Vol. 3 of 3)
Joe Wayring at Home; or, The Adventures of a Fly-Rod
Die Inshurance Business: A serio-comic drama in the Pennsylvania German vernacular, "as she is spoke" in the German districts of Pennsylvania
A Modern Madonna
Chaste as Ice, Pure as Snow: A Novel
Redeemed
Rainbolt, the Ranger; or, The Aerial Demon of the Mountain
Jilted! Or, My Uncle's Scheme, Volume 2
Ronald and I; or, Studies from Life
An account of the battle of Wilson's Creek, or Oak Hills, fought between the Union troops, commanded by Gen. N. Lyon and the Southern, or Confederate troops, under command of Gens. McCulloch and Price, on Saturday, August 10, 1861, in Greene county, Missouri
The Yellow Hunter; or, The Winding Trail of Death
Norman Prince : $b A volunteer who died for the cause he loved
In the swim : $b A story of currents and under-currents in gayest New York
Nature readers : $b Sea-side and way-side. No. 3
The Lindsays : $b A romance of Scottish life, Volume 2 (of 3)
New Collected Rhymes
Castle Nowhere
The Old Stone House
Mrs. Shelley
Widger's Quotes and Images from A Romance of Youth by François Coppée: The French Immortals: Quotes And Images
The Meaning of Infancy
The Deserter
The Trials of the Soldier's Wife: A Tale of the Second American Revolution
Thistle and Rose: A Story for Girls
George at the Fort; Or, Life Among the Soldiers
Later Poems
Rodney, the Partisan
The Gates Between
A Calendar of Scottish Saints
The Eichhofs: A Romance
The Middle Period, 1817-1858
A Mere Chance: A Novel. Vol. 3
Waynflete
White Heather: A Novel (Volume 1 of 3)
Oxford Days; or, How Ross Got His Degree
The Progress of the Women's Suffrage Movement: Presidential Address to the Cambridge Branch of the C. & U. W. F. A. at the Annual Meeting on May 23rd, 1913
The Old Irish World
The Scripture Club of Valley Rest; or, Sketches of Everybody's Neighbours
The Raisin Industry: A practical treatise on the raisin grapes, their history, culture and curing
Oratory Sacred and Secular; Or, The Extemporaneous Speaker: With Sketches of the Most Eminent Speakers of All Ages
Pathfinding on Plain and Prairie: Stirring Scenes of Life in the Canadian North-west
Lolóma, or two years in cannibal-land: A story of old Fiji
I-em-hotep and Ancient Egyptian medicine: II. Prevention of valvular disease: The Harveian Oration delivered before the Royal college of physicians on June 21, 1904
The Philosophical Theory of the State
Agnes Mary Clerke and Ellen Mary Clerke: An Appreciation
In search of fortune: A tale of the old land and the new
Numa Roumestan
The Tallants of Barton, vol. 2 (of 3) : A tale of fortune and finance
The Africanders : $b A century of Dutch-English feud in South Africa
In the great white land : $b a tale of the Antarctic Ocean
Mr. Jervis, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Watch and ward
Neal, the Miller: A Son of Liberty
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Volume 5
Only an Incident
Mona; Or, The Secret of a Royal Mirror
Adventures in Southern Seas: A Tale of the Sixteenth Century
The Shipwreck: A Story for the Young
The Honour of the Flag
A Child of the Glens; or, Elsie's Fortunes
My Contemporaries In Fiction
Cruel Barbara Allen: From Coals Of Fire And Other Stories, Volume II. (of III.)
Mère Giraud's Little Daughter
History of the Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers
Sir Noel's Heir: A Novel
Mated from the Morgue: A Tale of the Second Empire
Sweet Hours
The Death Ship: A Strange Story, Vol. 2 (of 3)
XXXII Ballades in Blue China [1885]
Where Science and Religion Meet
Free Trapper's Pass; or, the Gold-seeker's Daughter!
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 3
Purcell Ode, and Other Poems
Snowed Up; or, The Sportman's Club in the Mountains
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George R. Sims
Through One Administration
The Early History of the Post in Grant and Farm
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of John McElroy
A Historical Sketch of Company "B," Eighteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry: Three Months Service
Buffalo Bill Among the Sioux; Or, The Fight in the Rapids
The woman of mystery
The old South : $b A monograph
The manufacture of earth colours : $b With thirty-one illustrations
Daisy of "Old Meadow."
Dungeon Rock; or, the pirate's cave, at Lynn
Rare days in Japan
Audrey : $b or, Children of light
Sir Walter Scott and the Border Minstrelsy
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 4
The Midnight Passenger : A Novel
Missionary Work Among the Ojebway Indians
A Strange Discovery
Christie, the King's Servant: A Sequel to "Christie's Old Organ"
Notes of an Overland Journey Through France and Egypt to Bombay
Fifteen years in hell : $b An autobiography
The Farmer Boy: The Story of Jacob
Looking Seaward Again
The Gundungurra Language
"Le Monsieur de la Petite Dame"
The Centurion's Story
The Conflict between Private Monopoly and Good Citizenship
The Minute Boys of York Town
Miracle Gold: A Novel (Vol. 2 of 3)
Company G : $b a record of the services of one company of the 157th N. Y. Vols. in the War of the Rebellion, from Sept. 19, 1862 to July 10, 1865, including the roster of the company
Ruth of Boston: A Story of the Massachusetts Bay Colony
The Cowslip; Or, More Cautionary Stories, in Verse
Odette's Marriage: A Novel, from the French of Albert Delpit, Translated from the "Revue des Deux Mondes," by Emily Prescott
A Young Hero; Or, Fighting to Win
Colorado Outings
The Nineteenth and Their Times: Being an Account of the Four Cavalry Regiments in the British Army That Have Borne the Number Nineteen and of the Campaigns in Which They Served
The Young Game-Warden
A Comedy of Elopement
An analysis of religious belief
Gabrielle de Bergerac
How Jack Mackenzie won his epaulettes
Alide: an episode of Goethe's life.
Islâm
Nature readers : $b Seaside and wayside No. 2
The suspicions of Ermengarde
Frank on a Gun-Boat
Songs, Sonnets & Miscellaneous Poems
All Aboard: A Story for Girls
Western Worthies: A Gallery of Biographical and Critical Sketches of West of Scotland Celebrities
A Pair of Clogs
The Beautiful Wretch; The Pupil of Aurelius; and The Four Macnicols
The Sheep Eaters
Marcy the Blockade Runner
In The Ranks: From the Wilderness to Appomattox Court House: The War, as Seen and Experienced by a Private Soldier in the Army of the Potomac
Little Oskaloo; or, The White Whirlwind
Means and Ends of Education
Oldfield: A Kentucky Tale of the Last Century
The Law's Lumber Room
Vienna 1683: The History and Consequences of the Defeat of the Turks before Vienna, September 12, 1683, by John Sobieski, King of Poland, and Charles Leopold, Duke of Lorraine
Poetical Works of Robert Bridges, Volume 5
The Life and Work of James A. Garfield, Twentieth President of the United States: Embracing an Account of the Scenes and Incidents of His Boyhood; the Struggles of His Youth; the Might of His Early Manhood; His Valor As a Soldier; His Career As a Statesman; His Election to the Presidency; and the Tragic Story of His Death.
Memories grave and gay
Three Sailor Boys; or, Adrift in the Pacific
El Ombú
Lords of Creation: Woman Suffrage Drama in Three Acts
Historic Litchfield: address delivered at the bi-centennial celebration of the town of Litchfield, August 1, 1920
The Great White Hand; Or, the Tiger of Cawnpore: A story of the Indian Mutiny
The Star of India
A world of green hills : $b Observations of nature and human nature in the Blue Ridge
Pottery decoration under the glaze
The highest aim of the physicist
Anthony Cragg's tenant
A little gipsy lass : $b A story of moorland and wild
Interference : $b A novel, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 2
Memoirs of Sir Wemyss Reid 1842-1885
Songs of Two
How Deacon Tubman and Parson Whitney Kept New Year's: And Other Stories
Melchior's Dream and Other Tales
Our Profession and Other Poems
Pocket Island: A Story of Country Life in New England
Philippian Studies: Lessons in Faith and Love from St. Paul's Epistle to the Philippians
Footprints in the Forest
Mr. Stubbs's Brother: A Sequel to 'Toby Tyler'
Dante: His Times and His Work
The 'Patriotes' of '37: A Chronicle of the Lower Canada Rebellion
From Bull Run to Appomattox: A Boy's View
Six Prize Hawaiian Stories of the Kilohana Art League
Miss Ellis's Mission
The Legal Position of the Clergy
The Song of the Rappahannock: Sketches of the Civil War
Foxglove Manor: A Novel, Volume 2 (of 3)
Wild Life in New Zealand. Part I. Mammalia.: New Zealand Board of Science and Art. Manual No. 2.
The Memoirs of Charles H. Cramp
Tiger Lily, and Other Stories
The Young Wild-Fowlers
Legends for Lionel: in pen and pencil
Report of an autopsy on the bodies of Chang and Eng Bunker, commonly known as the Siamese twins
Alden the Pony Express rider : $b or, Racing for life
Miss Prudence: A Story of Two Girls' Lives.
Reminiscences of a Pioneer
The Renaissance of the Vocal Art: A Practical Study of Vitality, Vitalized Energy, of the Physical, Mental and Emotional Powers of the Singer, through Flexible, Elastic Bodily Movements
Report by the Governor on a Visit to the Micmac Indians at Bay d'Espoir: Colonial Reports, Miscellaneous. No. 54. Newfoundland
A Temporary Dead-Lock: 1891
Within the Golden Gate: A Souvenir of San Francisco Bay
Harry Milvaine; Or, The Wanderings of a Wayward Boy
Miracle Gold: A Novel (Vol. 3 of 3)
Hugh Crichton's Romance
Recollections with the Third Iowa Regiment
Obil, Keeper of Camels : $b being the parable of the man whom the disciples saw casting out devils
The Armed Ship America; Or, When We Sailed from Salem
Aristocracy & Evolution: A Study of the Rights, the Origin, and the Social Functions of the Wealthier Classes
The Deceased Wife's Sister, and My Beautiful Neighbour, v. 3
The Convict Ship, Volume 1 (of 3)
Dropped stitches in Tennessee history
Married or single?, Vol. 2 (of 3)
Education and life : $b papers and addresses
Grass of Parnassus
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Volume 1
Reminiscences of Pioneer Days in St. Paul: A Collection of Articles Written for and Published in the Daily Pioneer Press
To My Younger Brethren: Chapters on Pastoral Life and Work
A Ride With A Mad Horse In A Freight-Car: 1898
Standards of Life and Service
Modern Industrialism and the Negroes of the United States: The American Negro Academy, Occasional Papers No. 12
Two Wyoming Girls and Their Homestead Claim: A Story for Girls
Memoirs of Mrs. Rebecca Steward, Containing: A Full Sketch of Her Life: With Various Selections from Her Writings and Letters ...
Miracle Gold: A Novel (Vol. 1 of 3)
A Trip to Pilawin, the Deer-park of Count Joseph Potocki in Volhynia, Russia
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Grant Allen
Venus. To the Venus of Melos
Buffalo Bill's Boy Bugler; Or, The Last of the Indian Ring
How to plan a library building for library work
The Law of Hotel Life; or, the Wrongs and Rights of Host and Guest
Dr. Paull's Theory: A Romance
The skeleton scout; or, The border block
Stories and ballads for young folks
Railroad building, and other stories
Mr. Jervis, Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Fayûm and Lake Mœris
In Korea with Marquis Ito
A Romance of Youth — Volume 2
The Harvest of Years
The Hawthorns: A Story about Children
The Hero of Ticonderoga; or, Ethan Allen and His Green Mountain Boys
Charles Sumner Centenary: Historical Address: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 14
The Future of English Poetry
Benjamin of Ohio: A Story of the Settlement of Marietta
The Political Institutions of the Ancient Greeks
The Merchant Prince of Cornville: A Comedy
Tube, Train, Tram, and Car; or, Up-to-date locomotion
Sixty Years a Bookman, With Other Recollections and Reflections
Alone on a Wide Wide Sea, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Occupations of the Negroes
The Carcellini Emerald, With Other Tales
Coasting Bohemia
The luckless trapper; or, The haunted hunter
Sir Lawrence Alma Tadema
Footing it in Franconia
Nobody's Rose : $b or, The girlhood of Rose Shannon
The Red Lily — Volume 02
Prince Zilah — Volume 2
The True Citizen: How to Become One
Frank on the Lower Mississippi
Electricity and Progress: Opening of the New York Electrical Show
The Mountain Spring, and Other Poems
The Chief End of Man
Mornings in the College Chapel: Short Addresses to Young Men on Personal Religion
True To His Colors
From the Rapidan to Richmond and the Spottsylvania Campaign: A Sketch in Personal Narration of the Scenes a Soldier Saw
The Bristol Royal Mail: Post, Telegraph, and Telephone
Roster of Company I, 24th Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers
Orville Southerland Cox, Pioneer of 1847
How Beauty Was Saved, and Other Memories of the Sixties
The Camp in the Foot-Hills; or, Oscar on Horseback
Heart of Oak: A Three-Stranded Yarn, vol. 3
The Ring of Amethyst
The Convict Ship, Volume 2 (of 3)
Apollo and Marsyas, and Other Poems
Mayan Nomenclature
Confederate wizards of the saddle: $b being reminiscences and observations of one who rode with Morgan
The Negro as a soldier
Geoffrey's victory; $b or, the double deception
Eugene Pickering
Memoirs of the Court of St. Cloud (Being secret letters from a gentleman at Paris to a nobleman in London) — Volume 2
Prince Zilah — Volume 1
The Three Cities Trilogy: Paris, Volume 4
The Little Russian Servant
Dürer: Artist-Biographies
Some notes on the bibliography of the Philippines
How John Norton the Trapper Kept His Christmas
Contrasted Songs
On the Seaboard: A Novel of the Baltic Islands
Anglo-Dutch Rivalry During the First Half of the Seventeenth Century: being the Ford lectures delivered at Oxford in 1910
Derelicts: An Account of Ships Lost at Sea in General Commercial Traffic: And a Brief History of Blockade Runners Stranded Along the North Carolina Coast, 1861-1865
The Negro Laborer: A Word to Him
A Twentieth Century Idealist
Essays in American history
The Red Lily — Volume 01
Maximilian in Mexico: A Woman's Reminiscences of the French Intervention 1862-1867
The Gentleman from Everywhere
Letters to a Daughter and A Little Sermon to School Girls
On the Age of Maya Ruins
A Princess of Thule
Alone on a Wide Wide Sea, Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Essentials of Logic, Being Ten Lectures on Judgment and Inference
The Convict Ship, Volume 3 (of 3)
A New Aristocracy
The Tallants of Barton, vol. 1 (of 3) : $b A tale of fortune and finance
Miles Murchison
A District Messenger Boy, and A Necktie Party
The Making of a Country Parish: A Story
Defending the Island: A story of Bar Harbor in 1758
The Heatherford Fortune: a sequel to the Magic Cameo
My Lords of Strogue, Vol. 3 (of 3): A Chronicle of Ireland, from the Convention to the Union
Mitchelhurst Place: A Novel. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Fairy Gold
The History of Battery H First Regiment Rhode Island Light Artillery in the War to Preserve the Union 1861-1865
Life and death
The Book of Alfalfa: History, Cultivation and Merits: Its Uses as a Forage and Fertilizer
Down the Mackenzie and up the Yukon in 1906
The deformities of the fingers and toes
Whittier at close range
Proper pride : A novel. Volume 2 (of 3)
Prince Zilah — Volume 3
The Story of Paul Boyton: Voyages on All the Great Rivers of the World
A Runaway Brig; Or, An Accidental Cruise
Mitchelhurst Place: A Novel. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Colony Treatment of the Insane and Other Defectives
Erasmus
The Secret Chart; or, Treasure Hunting in Hayti
A Text-Book of Horseshoeing, for Horseshoers and Veterinarians
Autumn Leaves
The squaw spy; or the rangers of the lava-beds
Leprosy : $b in its clinical & pathological aspects
The Red Lily — Volume 03
Jacqueline — Volume 3
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 3
State of the Union Addresses
Reminiscences of the Nineteenth Massachusetts Regiment
Camperdown; or, News from our neighbourhood
Oat Meal: The War Winner
Heart of Oak: A Three-Stranded Yarn, vol. 2.
On harelip and cleft palate
Childhood's happy home, and other verses
Fromont and Risler — Volume 4
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 6
Our Pilots in the Air
The Minute Boys of the Mohawk Valley
The Lutherans of New York, Their Story and Their Problems
An Old Meerschaum: From Coals Of Fire And Other Stories, Volume II. (of III.)
Marcy, the Refugee
Reminiscences of the Thirty-Fourth Regiment, Mass. Vol. Infantry
The Real Robert Burns
The Lindsays : $b A romance of Scottish life, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Lindsays : $b A romance of Scottish life, Volume 3 (of 3)
Serge Panine — Volume 02
My Friend Pasquale, and Other Stories
The Tragedy of Ida Noble
New lands within the Arctic circle: Narrative of the discoveries of the Austrian ship "Tegetthoff" in the years 1872-1874
The Maid of Honour: A Tale of the Dark Days of France. Vol. 1 (of 3)
A Special Mortality among Infants at Loughton, in the Epping Rural Sanitary District
Heart of Oak: A Three-Stranded Yarn, vol. 1.
Jilted! Or, My Uncle's Scheme, Volume 3
The Tallants of Barton, vol. 3 (of 3) : $b A tale of fortune and finance
The Great Mississippi Flood of 1874: Its Extent, Duration, and Effects
The Last Campaign of the Twenty-Second Regiment, N.G., S.N.Y. June and July, 1863
The Squirrel's Pilgrim's Progress: A Book for Boys and Girls Setting Forth the Adventures of Tiny Red Squirrel and Chatty Chipmunk
My Shipmate Louise: The Romance of a Wreck, Volume 3 (of 3)
Specifications for street roadway pavements: with instructions to inspectors on street paving work
The Mayflower and Her Log; July 15, 1620-May 6, 1621 — Volume 1
San Francisco and the Nicaragua Canal
Medical Women: Two Essays
A Romance of Youth — Volume 4
After Dinner Toast at Little Menlo
The MS. in a Red Box
Turkish and Other Baths: A Guide to Good Health and Longevity
My Lords of Strogue, Vol. 2 (of 3): A Chronicle of Ireland, from the Convention to the Union
Serge Panine — Volume 03
Fromont and Risler — Volume 1
The Maid of Honour: A Tale of the Dark Days of France. Vol. 2 (of 3)
Boyville: A History of Fifteen Years' Work Among Newsboys
The Buried Treasure; Or, Old Jordan's "Haunt"
Gold and glory; or, Wild ways of other days, a tale of early American discovery
Fromont and Risler — Volume 3
The Children of Cupa
Journal of Residence in the New Hebrides, S.W. Pacific Ocean
Josiah in New York; or, A coupon from the Fresh Air Fund
Serge Panine — Volume 04
Jacqueline — Volume 2
Fromont and Risler — Volume 2
Little Helpers
The Maid of Honour: A Tale of the Dark Days of France. Vol. 3 (of 3)
The Liver Complaint Story
Around the World on the Phonograph
The Glorious Return: A Story of the Vaudois in 1689
Serge Panine — Volume 01
Jacqueline — Volume 1
Words of Welcome: Opening of the Electrical Exposition of New York City
The Green Mountain Boys : $b or, Vermont and the New York land jobbers
The Picture of Dorian Gray
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
The Importance of Being Earnest: A Trivial Comedy for Serious People
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Heart of Darkness
A Study in Scarlet
Treasure Island
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
The Hound of the Baskervilles
The Sign of the Four
Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog)
Complete Original Short Stories of Guy De Maupassant
The Awakening, and Selected Short Stories
Japanese Girls and Women: Revised and Enlarged Edition
Poems, with The Ballad of Reading Gaol
The Happy Prince, and Other Tales
Pygmalion
Omens and Superstitions of Southern India
De Profundis
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
The Wind in the Willows
The Wind in the Willows
The Railway Children
Lord Jim
Kidnapped
The Valley of Fear
The Return of Sherlock Holmes
A Shropshire Lad
The Medicinal Plants of the Philippines
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Democracy and Education: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Education
The Picture of Dorian Gray
From Berlin to Bagdad and Babylon
The Golden Bough: A Study of Magic and Religion
The Interpretation of Dreams
Up from Slavery: An Autobiography
Shakespearean Tragedy: Lectures on Hamlet, Othello, King Lear, Macbeth
The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood
Arms and the Man
Victory: An Island Tale
Salomé: A Tragedy in One Act
A Child's Garden of Verses
In ship and prison : $b A story of five years in the Continental Navy with Captain Samuel Tucker
Lady Windermere's Fan
A General Introduction to Psychoanalysis
The folk of Furry Farm : $b The romance of an Irish village
Vera; Or, The Nihilists
The Web : $b The Authorized History of the American Protective League
A Classification and Subject Index for Cataloguing and Arranging the Books and Pamphlets of a Library
The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life
The Marvelous Land of Oz
The negro workers : $b address delivered Tuesday, October 30, 1923, at Commonwealth Casino, 135th Street and Madison Avenue, N.Y.C.
Man and Superman: A Comedy and a Philosophy
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz
A Concise Anglo-Saxon Dictionary: For the Use of Students
How We Think
The Lost World
A royal son and mother
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 1: The Evolution of Modesty; The Phenomena of Sexual Periodicity; Auto-Erotism
The Emerald City of Oz
The case-book of Sherlock Holmes
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
Laughter: An Essay on the Meaning of the Comic
Nostromo: A Tale of the Seaboard
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes: Illustrated
An Ideal Husband
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
His Last Bow: An Epilogue of Sherlock Holmes
King Solomon's Mines
The Canterville Ghost
Scouting for Boys
Myths of the Norsemen: From the Eddas and Sagas
A frontier knight : $b A story of early Texan border-life
English Fairy Tales
Dream Psychology: Psychoanalysis for Beginners
Heart of Darkness
Kanamori's life-story : $b Told by himself; how the Higher Criticism wrecked a Japanese Christian—and how he came back
Major Barbara
Japanese Colour-Prints and Their Designers
Pagan Papers
She
New Latin Grammar
Allan Quatermain
The Private Life of the Romans
Some Principles of Maritime Strategy
Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things
Art and Heart
How to Listen to Music, 7th ed.: Hints and Suggestions to Untaught Lovers of the Art
Heart of the World
The Smoky God; Or, A Voyage to the Inner World
Selected Prose of Oscar Wilde
The Lost Princess of Oz
Old Spookses' Pass, Malcolm's Katie, and other poems
The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion (Vol. 1 of 2)
Arabi and his household
The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans
The White Company
Mrs. Warren's Profession
The Secret Sharer
Only a girl's love
Are we ruined by the Germans?
Under Western Eyes
The Book of Dragons
Shakespeare and Precious Stones: Treating of the Known References of Precious Stones in Shakespeare's Works, with Comments as to the Origin of His Material, the Knowledge of the Poet Concerning Precious Stones, and References as to Where the Precious Stones of His Time Came from
An English Grammar
The Story of the Treasure Seekers: Being the Adventures of the Bastable Children in Search of a Fortune
Devil-Worship in France; or, The Question of Lucifer
Five Children and It
The Extermination of the American Bison
Children's Books and Their Illustrators
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 7 of 7
The Races of Man: An Outline of Anthropology and Ethnography
The Oriental Republic of Uruguay at the World's Columbian Exhibition, Chicago, 1893
The Story of an African Farm
Three men on the bummel
A Set of Six
The Waterloo Roll Call: With Biographical Notes and Anecdotes
King Solomon's Mines
Lord Jim
The Story of King Arthur and his Knights
Intentions
1000 Things Worth Knowing
Comic History of the United States
Treasure Island
Modern India
The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood
The Theory of the Leisure Class
Totem and Taboo: Resemblances Between the Psychic Lives of Savages and Neurotics
The Person and Work of The Holy Spirit
Plain Facts for Old and Young
The Sorrows of Satan: or, The Strange Experience of One Geoffrey Tempest, Millionaire: A Romance
A True Friend: A Novel
An Outcast of the Islands
Tales of Terror and Mystery
Lord Arthur Savile's Crime; The Portrait of Mr. W.H., and Other Stories
Typhoon
The Doctor's Dilemma
Ozma of Oz: A Record of Her Adventures with Dorothy Gale of Kansas, the Yellow Hen, the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Tiktok, the Cowardly Lion, and the Hungry Tiger; Besides Other Good People too Numerous to Mention Faithfully Recorded Herein
Time and Free Will: An Essay on the Immediate Data of Consciousness
The Oriental Rug: A Monograph on Eastern Rugs and Carpets, Saddle-Bags, Mats & Pillows, with a Consideration of Kinds and Classes, Types, Borders, Figures, Dyes, Symbols, etc. Together with Some Practical Advice to Collectors.
The first violin: A novel
Amusements in Mathematics
The Master Key: An Electrical Fairy Tale Founded Upon the Mysteries of Electricity
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 4: Sexual Selection In Man
Americanism
Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog)
The History of Cuba, vol. 5
Sky Island
Bible Myths and their Parallels in other Religions: Being a Comparison of the Old and New Testament Myths and Miracles with those of the Heathen Nations of Antiquity Considering also their Origin and Meaning
The Marvelous Land of Oz
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz
Three Contributions to the Theory of Sex
Mother Goose in Prose
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Complete
The Friars in the Philippines
Five Mice in a Mouse-trap, by the Man in the Moon.
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 1 of 7
Creative Evolution
The Art of Cross-Examination: With the Cross-Examinations of Important Witnesses in Some Celebrated Cases
Letters from China and Japan
A Woman of No Importance
The Hound of the Baskervilles
The Secret Agent
Theodore Roosevelt: An Autobiography
The Greatest Thing In the World and Other Addresses
American Fairy Tales
Madame Chrysanthème
Shelters, Shacks and Shanties
The Hound of the Baskervilles
A Primary Reader: Old-time Stories, Fairy Tales and Myths Retold by Children
Science in the Kitchen: A Scientific Treatise On Food Substances and Their Dietetic Properties, Together with a Practical Explanation of the Principles of Healthful Cookery, and a Large Number of Original, Palatable, and Wholesome Recipes
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 6 of 7
The Book of the Dead
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses
Ten Thousand Dreams Interpreted; Or, What's in a Dream: A Scientific and Practical Exposition
Looking Backward, 2000 to 1887
The Road to Oz
A House of Pomegranates
Human Nature and Conduct: An introduction to social psychology
Youth, a Narrative
The Story of the Greeks
Korean Buddhism: History—Condition—Art
The Preparation of Illustrations for Reports of the United States Geological Survey: With Brief Descriptions of Processes of Reproduction
The Emerald City of Oz
The Soul of Man under Socialism
Bel Ami; Or, The History of a Scoundrel: A Novel
Shadowings
Freedom, Truth and Beauty: Sonnets
Denslow's Humpty Dumpty
Travels with a donkey in the Cevennes
The Romance of Mathematics: Being the Original Researches of a Lady Professor of Girtham College in Polemical Science, with some Account of the Social Properties of a Conic; Equations to Brain Waves; Social Forces; and the Laws of Political Motion.
The Critic in the Orient
Heartbreak House
The Story of the Treasure Seekers
The Phoenix and the Carpet
Myths & Legends of the Celtic Race
The inventions, researches and writings of Nikola Tesla: With special reference to his work in polyphase currents and high potential lighting
A Glossary of Words used in the Country of Wiltshire
The Great Boer War
Hints for Lovers
Treasure Island
The Three Days' Tournament: A Study in Romance and Folk-Lore: Being an Appendix to the Author's 'Legend of Sir Lancelot'
The Literature of the Ancient Egyptians
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus
The Mirror of the Sea
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 12 of 12)
Last Poems by A. E. Housman
Makers of Many Things
English-Esperanto Dictionary
Self Mastery Through Conscious Autosuggestion
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 4 of 7
The Devil's Disciple
Things Worth Doing and How To Do Them
Major Barbara
Reconstruction in Philosophy
A woman's soul
Howard Pyle's Book of Pirates: Fiction, Fact & Fancy Concerning the Buccaneers & Marooners of the Spanish Main
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 2: Sexual Inversion
Ozma of Oz
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 5: Erotic Symbolism; The Mechanism of Detumescence; The Psychic State in Pregnancy
Oregon, Washington and Alaska; Sights and Scenes for the Tourist
American Prisoners of the Revolution
Otto of the Silver Hand
Gods and Fighting Men: The story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland, arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory
Experiments with Alternate Currents of High Potential and High Frequency: A Lecture Delivered before the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London
The new freedom : $b a call for the emancipation of the generous energies of a people
Man Overboard!
Candida
Studies in the Scriptures, Volume 7: The Finished Mystery
The Soul of the Indian: An Interpretation
Ancestors: A Novel
The Book of Old English Ballads
An Introduction to Machine Drawing and Design
Group Psychology and The Analysis of The Ego
A Guide to Stoicism
To the American Indian
Pioneers of Science
The Shadow Line: A Confession
The Lost Princess of Oz
The Canterbury Puzzles, and Other Curious Problems
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight: A Middle-English Arthurian Romance Retold in Modern Prose
A Message to Garcia: Being a Preachment
A History of Sanskrit Literature
New Grub Street
The Conjure Woman
Explanation of Terms Used in Entomology
Bohemian San Francisco
The Road to Oz
The Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow
Five Children and It
The History of the Standard Oil Company
Essays in the Art of Writing
Ethics
Hunger
The Happy Prince, and Other Tales
A Brief Account of the Educational Publishing Business in the United States
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 01: the Hudson and its hills
The Tin Woodman of Oz: A Faithful Story of the Astonishing Adventure Undertaken; by the Tin Woodman, assisted by Woot the Wanderer, the; Scarecrow of Oz, and Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter
The Kingdom of Love
The magic of jewels and charms
The History of Germain Street Baptist Church, St. John, N.B., for its first one hundred years, 1810-1910
The Sins of the Cities of the Plain; or, The Recollections of a Mary-Ann: with Short Essays on Sodomy and Tribadism
The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood
A Personal Record
Famous Men of the Middle Ages
The Astronomy of the Bible: An Elementary Commentary on the Astronomical References of Holy Scripture
In His Steps
John Ingerfield, and Other Stories
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 3: Analysis of the Sexual Impulse; Love and Pain; The Sexual Impulse in Women
The Man of Destiny
Rosemary in Search of a Father
Trelawny of The "Wells": A Comedietta in Four Acts
Tales of Unrest
The Return of Sherlock Holmes
The Chronicles of a Gay Gordon
Good Things to Eat as Suggested by Rufus
The Hound of Heaven
Pioneers in Canada
The Picture of Dorian Gray
Stage-coach and Tavern Days
A School History of the United States
The nigger of the "Narcissus" : $b A tale of the forecastle
Curious Punishments of Bygone Days
Original Short Stories — Volume 04
Myths of Greece and Rome: Narrated with Special Reference to Literature and Art
Tales and Fantasies
The Principles of Scientific Management
The Babylonian Legends of the Creation
Mission Furniture: How to Make It, Part 1
The World's Best Books : A Key to the Treasures of Literature
The Beaked Whales of the Family Ziphiidae: An Account of the Beaked Whales of the Family Ziphiidae in the Collection of the United States Museum...
The End of the Tether
Chance: A Tale in Two Parts
Europa's Fairy Book
The Traditional Games of England, Scotland, and Ireland (Vol 1 of 2): With Tunes, Singing-Rhymes and Methods of Playing etc.
The School and Society: Being three lectures
The Curious Lore of Precious Stones: Being a description of their sentiments and folk lore, superstitions, symbolism, mysticism, use in medicine, protection, prevention, religion, and divination. Crystal gazing, birth-stones, lucky stones and talismans, astral, zodiacal, and planetary
Concerning Cats: My Own and Some Others
Heart of Darkness
On the History of Gunter's Scale and the Slide Rule During the Seventeenth Century
A Bevy of Girls
The Million-Dollar Suitcase
The Truth About the Congo: The Chicago Tribune Articles
The Part Borne by the Dutch in the Discovery of Australia 1606-1765
The Bronze Age in Ireland
East of Suez: Ceylon, India, China and Japan
The Wind in the Willows
The High Deeds of Finn and other Bardic Romances of Ancient Ireland
The Prehistoric World; Or, Vanished Races
Illustrated History of Furniture: From the Earliest to the Present Time
Character Building: Being Addresses Delivered on Sunday Evenings to the Students of Tuskegee Institute
Some Chinese Ghosts
Legends of the Gods: The Egyptian Texts, edited with Translations
Two Centuries of Costume in America, Volume 1 (1620-1820)
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 2 of 7
Watch Yourself Go By
The Beetle: A Mystery
The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Vol. 1: Boule de Suif and Other Stories
Historic Jamaica
Mission Furniture: How to Make It, Part 3
Mr. Punch's History of the Great War
Gallipoli Diary,  Volume 1
Les Parsis
The unknown life of Jesus Christ : $b the original text of Nicolas Notovitch's 1877 discovery
The Enchanted Island of Yew
William Oughtred: A Great Seventeenth-Century Teacher of Mathematics
Essays and Lectures
Ancient Ballads and Legends of Hindustan
The Magic of Oz
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 5 of 7
Vesty of the Basins
The Sign of the Four
My Life and Loves, Vol. 1 (of 4)
The Upper Berth; By the Waters of Paradise
Men of Iron
Leadwork, Old and Ornamental and for the most part English
Composition: $b A series of exercises in art structure for the use of students and teachers
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm
A Thousand Years of Jewish History: From the days of Alexander the Great to the Moslem Conquest of Spain
The diary of a Russian lady : $b reminiscences of Barbara Doukhovskoy (née princesse Galitzine)
In Ghostly Japan
The Foundations of Science: Science and Hypothesis, The Value of Science, Science and Method
Mrs. Warren's Daughter: A Story of the Woman's Movement
Curiosities of the Sky
The Gospel of Buddha, Compiled from Ancient Records
Tactics, Volume 1 (of 2). Introduction and Formal Tactics of Infantry
Artistic Anatomy of Animals
A Yankee in the Far East
Two Years in the French West Indies
Big People and Little People of Other Lands
The Garden, You, and I
The Lost Princess of Oz
Kotto: Being Japanese Curios, with Sundry Cobwebs
A Text-Book of the History of Painting
My Experiences as an Executioner
The Picture of Dorian Gray
The treasure of Mushroom Rock : $b A story of prospecting in the Rocky Mountains
The Diary of a Goose Girl
Moral Principles in Education
Allan Quatermain
The Enchanted Castle
Psychopathology of Everyday Life
The Ainu group at the Saint Louis Exposition
Dreams
The North Pacific: A Story of the Russo-Japanese War
The Hermitage, Home of General Andrew Jackson
Caesar and Cleopatra
Letters to His Children
Tales of South Africa
Gleanings in Buddha-Fields: Studies of Hand and Soul in the Far East
The Awakening
Henry VIII and His Court: 6th edition
Edison: His Life and Inventions
Getting Married
The Spell of Switzerland
Up the Orinoco and down the Magdalena
The Mind and the Brain: Being the Authorised Translation of L'Âme et le Corps
Dreams and Days: Poems
It Happened in Egypt
Roman Stoicism: being lectures on the history of the Stoic philosophy with special reference to its development within the Roman Empire
Our Vanishing Wild Life: Its Extermination and Preservation
Reviews
Tik-Tok of Oz
A Text-Book of the History of Architecture: Seventh Edition, revised
The Complete Opera Book: The Stories of the Operas, together with 400 of the Leading Airs and Motives in Musical Notation
Friday, the Thirteenth: A Novel
Photographs of Nebulæ and Clusters, Made with the Crossley Reflector
Songs of Travel, and Other Verses
Seven Short Plays
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 01 of 12)
The Doctor's Dilemma
A Source Book for Mediæval History: Selected Documents illustrating the History of Europe in the Middle Age
The public and its problems
Folk-Lore of West and Mid-Wales
The Five Great Philosophies of Life
The Poems of Henry Van Dyke
Chronicles of Canada Volume 6 - The Great Intendant: A Chronicle of Jean Talon in Canada 1665-1672
China, Japan and the U.S.A.: Present-Day Conditions in the Far East and Their Bearing on the Washington Conference
The Sea Fairies
Amy Foster
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 04 of 12)
Books Fatal to Their Authors
Unknown Mexico, Volume 1 (of 2): A Record of Five Years' Exploration Among the Tribes of the Western Sierra Madre; In the Tierra Caliente of Tepic and Jalisco; and Among the Tarascos of Michoacan
Famous Singers of To-day and Yesterday
Creed and Deed: A Series of Discourses
Glinda of Oz: In Which Are Related the Exciting Experiences of Princess Ozma of Oz, and Dorothy, in Their Hazardous Journey to the Home of the Flatheads, and to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers, and How They Were Rescued from Dire Peril by the Sorcery of Glinda the Good
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 16
How He Lied to Her Husband
Beautiful Shells of New Zealand: An Illustrated Work for Amateur Collectors of New Zealand Marine Shells, with Directions for Collecting and Cleaning them
The Wind in the Willows
The Magic World
Polly of Lady Gay Cottage
Castes and Tribes of Southern India. Vol. 3 of 7
Funny Stories Told by the Soldiers: Pranks, Jokes and Laughable Affairs of Our Boys and Their Allies in the Great War
The Palmer Method of Business Writing: A Series of Self-teaching in Rapid, Plain, Unshaded, Coarse-pen, Muscular Movement Writing for Use in All Schools, Public or Private, Where an Easy and Legible Handwriting is the Object Sought; Also for the Home Learner
Remarks
Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow
The Jacquard Machine Analyzed and Explained: With an appendix on the preparation of jacquard cards, and practical hints to learners of jacquard designing
The Girl and the Kingdom: Learning to Teach
Selected Lullabies
Almayer's Folly: A Story of an Eastern River
The Civil War Through the Camera
Chats on Costume
A Doctor of the Old School — Complete
To-morrow
The Life of John Ruskin
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde
The Life & Letters of Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky
Androcles and the Lion
The Magic City
The Adventure of the Dying Detective
The Astral Plane: Its Scenery, Inhabitants and Phenomena
Tom and Some Other Girls: A Public School Story
A Child's Garden of Verses
The Riddle of the Purple Emperor
Selected Poems of Francis Thompson
Hänsel and Gretel: A Fairy Opera in Three Acts
Leonardo da Vinci: A Psychosexual Study of an Infantile Reminiscence
The Colonial Cavalier; or, Southern Life before the Revolution
The Perfect Wagnerite: A Commentary on the Niblung's Ring
International Law. A Treatise. Volume 1 (of 2): Peace. Second Edition
Garden Cities of To-Morrow: Being the Second Edition of "To-Morrow: a Peaceful Path to Real Reform"
The Life and Work of Susan B. Anthony (Volume 2 of 2): Including Public Addresses, Her Own Letters and Many From Her Contemporaries During Fifty Years
Bel Ami (A Ladies' Man): The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Vol. 6
The Rescue: A Romance of the Shallows
"Short Sixes": Stories to be Read While the Candle Burns
The Arrow of Gold: A Story Between Two Notes
Charles the Bold, Last Duke of Burgundy, 1433-1477
Tik-Tok of Oz
Back to Methuselah: A Metabiological Pentateuch
A Middle High German Primer: Third Edition
The Swamp Doctor's Adventures in The South-West: Containing the Whole of The Louisiana Swamp Doctor; Streaks of Squatter Life; and Far-Western Scenes; In a Series of Forty-Two Humorous Southern and Western Sketches, Descriptive of Incidents and Character
The Story of the Thirteen Colonies
Indian Boyhood
Queen Hildegarde
Little Wizard Stories of Oz
Under the Red Crescent: Adventures of an English Surgeon with the Turkish Army at Plevna and Erzeroum 1877-1878
Romantic Love and Personal Beauty: Their development, causal relations, historic and national peculiarities
The Romance of the Milky Way, and Other Studies & Stories
The English Novel in the Time of Shakespeare
Woman Triumphant: The story of her struggles for freedom, education and political rights.: Dedicated to all noble-minded women by an appreciative member of the other sex.
The Poison Belt
Black Heart and White Heart: A Zulu Idyll
James Fenimore Cooper
The Care and Feeding of Children: A Catechism for the Use of Mothers and Children's Nurses
Little Essays of Love and Virtue
Getting Acquainted with the Trees
Animal Carvings from Mounds of the Mississippi Valley: Second Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-81, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1883, pages 117-166
India, Old and New
Elson Grammar School Literature, book 4
Manual of Gardening (Second Edition): A Practical Guide to the Making of Home Grounds and the Growing of Flowers, Fruits, and Vegetables for Home Use
A-B-C of Electricity
The Dark Lady of the Sonnets
Wandering Ghosts
Across the Plains, with Other Memories and Essays
Home Life in Colonial Days
A Color Notation: A measured color system, based on the three qualities Hue, Value and Chroma
The History of the First West India Regiment
Guatemala, the country of the future
Temporal Power: A Study in Supremacy
Ancient Art and Ritual
Illustrated History of Furniture, fifth ed.: From the Earliest to the Present Time
Pan
Fians, Fairies and Picts
Memories and Adventures
The Story of the Amulet
The Story of the Champions of the Round Table
God and My Neighbour
Mission Furniture: How to Make It, Part 2
The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion (Vol. 2 of 2)
Pharais; and, The Mountain Lovers
Chance: A Tale in Two Parts
The Gourmet's Guide to Europe
Gov. Bob. Taylor's Tales: "The fiddle and the bow," "The paradise of fools," "Visions and dreams"
In The Yule-Log Glow, Book IV
Original Short Stories, Complete, Volumes 1-13: An Index to All Stories
The Goddess of Atvatabar: Being the history of the discovery of the interior world and conquest of Atvatabar
The Moors in Spain
Grim Tales
Misalliance
Wild Spain (España agreste): Records of Sport with Rifle, Rod, and Gun, Natural History Exploration
Names: and Their Meaning; A Book for the Curious
The Wouldbegoods: Being the Further Adventures of the Treasure Seekers
Puppets at Large: Scenes and Subjects from Mr Punch's Show
Pastoral Days; or, Memories of a New England Year
Domesday Book and Beyond: Three Essays in the Early History of England
Selected Lullabies
Religion in Japan
The Book of Camp-Lore and Woodcraft
An Unsinkable Titanic: Every Ship its own Lifeboat
The Wrecker
The Wonderful Adventures of Nils
Fifty Years of Railway Life in England, Scotland and Ireland
The Ballad of Reading Gaol
Charmides, and Other Poems
Egyptian Ideas of the Future Life
Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 6: Sex in Relation to Society
An anthology of German literature
The Boston cooking-school cook book
Edison's Conquest of Mars
My New Curate
The Captain of the Polestar, and Other Tales
The Panjab, North-West Frontier Province, and Kashmir
Rinkitink in Oz
A Fantasy of Far Japan; Or, Summer Dream Dialogues
You Never Can Tell
Twenty-Four Unusual Stories for Boys and Girls
The People of the Mist
The Life and Work of Susan B. Anthony (Volume 1 of 2): Including Public Addresses, Her Own Letters and Many From Her Contemporaries During Fifty Years
The Life and Times of Kateri Tekakwitha, the Lily of the Mohawks
Quilts: Their Story and How to Make Them
The Old Furniture Book, with a Sketch of Past Days and Ways
The Organism as a Whole, from a Physicochemical Viewpoint
Religion and Lust: or, The Psychical Correlation of Religious Emotion and Sexual Desire
Silas Strong, Emperor of the Woods
The Life of Florence Nightingale, vol. 1 of 2
Paul Rundel: A Novel
The Mafulu: Mountain People of British New Guinea
The Evolution of Modern Capitalism: A Study of Machine Production
Animals of the Past
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus
Catriona
The History of the Fabian Society
Albania : $b A narrative of recent travel
The Letters of a Post-Impressionist: Being the Familiar Correspondence of Vincent Van Gogh
An Everyday Girl: A Story
The Delicious Vice
Broad-Sword and Single-Stick: With Chapters on Quarter-Staff, Bayonet, Cudgel, Shillalah, Walking-Stick, Umbrella and Other Weapons of Self-Defence
The Life of Bret Harte, with Some Account of the California Pioneers
The Roycroft Dictionary, Concocted by Ali Baba and the Bunch on Rainy Days.
The Art of Bookbinding: A practical treatise, with plates and diagrams
New Arabian Nights
The Case of the Lamp That Went Out
Ten Years' Captivity in the Mahdi's Camp 1882-1892
Terrestrial and Celestial Globes Volume 2: Their History and Construction Including a Consideration of their Value as Aids in the Study of Geography and Astronomy
Quiet Talks on Prayer
Songs Of The Road
Ancient Egyptian and Greek Looms
Pleasures of the telescope: An Illustrated Guide for Amateur Astronomers and a Popular Description of the Chief Wonders of the Heavens for General Readers
Hoosier Lyrics
Was Man Created?
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Oscar Wilde
Solomon Crow's Christmas Pockets and Other Tales
The Wrong Box
1001 Questions and Answers on Orthography and Reading
Aino Folk-Tales
The Man Who Did the Right Thing: A Romance
Mystery of the inn by the shore : $b A novel
'Doc.' Gordon
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 01
Pictorial Composition and the Critical Judgment of Pictures
A Critic in Pall Mall: Being Extracts from Reviews and Miscellanies
History of Linn County Iowa: From Its Earliest Settlement to the Present Time [1911]
Chin-Chin; Or, The Chinaman at Home
An Unsocial Socialist
Balder the Beautiful, Volume I.: A Study in Magic and Religion: the Golden Bough, Part VII., The; Fire-Festivals of Europe and the Doctrine of the External Soul
Hindu literature : Comprising The Book of good counsels, Nala and Damayanti, The Ramayana, and Sakoontala
Customs and Fashions in Old New England
Dainty's Cruel Rivals; Or, The Fatal Birthday
Hildegarde's Harvest
Life in the War Zone
The History of the 2nd Dragoons: "Royal Scots Greys"
Treatise on Parents and Children
She and Allan
Comparative Studies in Nursery Rhymes
Pierre and Jean
Birds of the Rockies
The Elephant Man and Other Reminiscences
Chita: A Memory of Last Island
The Tin Woodman of Oz: A Faithful Story of the Astonishing Adventure Undertaken by the Tin Woodman, Assisted by Woot the Wanderer, the Scarecrow of Oz, and Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter
Peeps at Many Lands: Norway
New Treasure Seekers; Or, The Bastable Children in Search of a Fortune
Home Life in Germany
Dreams
Camp Life in the Woods and the Tricks of Trapping and Trap Making
The Triumphs of Eugene Valmont
Andrew Marvell
The Merry Men, and Other Tales and Fables
Boris the Bear-Hunter
The Man Shakespeare and His Tragic Life Story
David Balfour: Being Memoirs Of His Adventures At Home And Abroad, The Second Part: In Which Are Set Forth His Misfortunes Anent The Appin Murder; His Troubles With Lord Advocate Grant; Captivity On The Bass Rock; Journey Into Holland And France; And Singular Relations With James More Drummond Or Macgregor, A Son Of The Notorious Rob Roy, And His Daughter Catriona
Zip, the Adventures of a Frisky Fox Terrier
Diggers in the Earth
The Practical Garden-Book: Containing the Simplest Directions for the Growing of the Commonest Things about the House and Garden
Bach
The Blind Brother: A Story of the Pennsylvania Coal Mines
The Ancient Allan
The Fundamental Principles of Old and New World Civilizations: A Comparative Research Based on a Study of the Ancient Mexican Religious, Sociological, and Calendrical Systems
The Scarecrow of Oz
A Manual of Historic Ornament: Treating upon the evolution, tradition, and development of architecture and other applied arts. Prepared for the use of students and craftsmen
The riddle of the rocks: 1895
Aw-Aw-Tam Indian Nights: Being the Myths and Legends of the Pimas of Arizona
Spanish Highways and Byways
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 05 of 12)
The Life of John Taylor: Third President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
The Exploits of Brigadier Gerard
The Life of Napoleon I (Volume 1 of 2)
A Child's Garden of Verses
Three in Norway, by Two of Them
Men of the Old Stone Age: Their Environment, Life and Art
A Jay of Italy
The Coming of the Fairies
The Marrow of Tradition
The History of "Punch"
The Child and the Curriculum
Chaucer and His England
Leibniz's New Essays Concerning the Human Understanding: A Critical Exposition
The Strenuous Life: The Works of Theodore Roosevelt, Volume 12 (of 14)
The History of Trade Unionism: (Revised edition, extended to 1920)
The Wife of his Youth and Other Stories of the Color Line, and Selected Essays
On the Trail: An Outdoor Book for Girls
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 14: Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Musicians
The family and its members
The Story of Young Abraham Lincoln
Faro Nell and Her Friends: Wolfville Stories
The Three Sapphires
The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde, and Other Stories
The Harlequin Opal: A Romance. Vol. 1 (of 3)
English Villages
The Log of a Cowboy: A Narrative of the Old Trail Days
The mummy and Miss Nitocris : a phantasy of the fourth dimension
Secret Memoirs: The Story of Louise, Crown Princess
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 25
The King of Arcadia
Ancient Rome : from the earliest times down to 476 A. D.
Love Romances of the Aristocracy
Fifteen Chapters of Autobiography
The phantoms of the foot-bridge: 1895
The Call of the Wildflower
Venice and Its Story
The Criminal
Madame Chrysantheme — Complete
The Odd Women
One Day More: A Play In One Act
Finger plays for nursery and kindergarten
The Spirit of Rome
Latin Pronunciation: A Short Exposition of the Roman Method
Historia Amoris: A History of Love, Ancient and Modern
Raymond; or, Life and Death: With examples of the evidence for survival of memory and affection after death.
In Partnership: Studies in story-telling
The Copy-Cat, and Other Stories
Mother's Remedies: Over One Thousand Tried and Tested Remedies from Mothers of the United States and Canada
The Mountains of Oregon
Girls of the True Blue
A Gothic Grammar, with selections for reading and a glossary
Gypsy folk-tales
The Adventure of the Cardboard Box
Ayesha, the Return of She
Lady Cassandra
A Brief Handbook of English Authors
Impressions of America
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 09 of 12)
A Brief History of Forestry.: In Europe, the United States and Other Countries
The Osage tribe, two versions of the child-naming rite: (1928 N 43 / 1925-1926 (pages 23-164))
Uncle Josh's Punkin Centre Stories
Mother Goose in Prose
Vanitas: Polite Stories
The Middle Five: Indian Boys at School
In Brief Authority
My own story
American Indians
Glimpses of Unfamiliar Japan: First Series
Everyman's Land
Natural Law in the Spiritual World
The Wind in the Willows
The Religion of Ancient Egypt
The Kaiser's Memoirs
Riding for Ladies: With Hints on the Stable
Paul Kelver
A Child's Garden of Verses
Old Trails on the Niagara Frontier
International Law. A Treatise. Volume 2 (of 2): War and Neutrality. Second Edition
The Yellowstone National Park: Historical and Descriptive
A Glimpse at Guatemala: And Some Notes on the Ancient Monuments of Central America
Mythology among the Hebrews and Its Historical Development
In Spite of All: A Novel
Ozma of Oz: A Record of Her Adventures with Dorothy Gale of Kansas, the Yellow Hen, the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Tiktok, the Cowardly Lion, and the Hungry Tiger; Besides Other Good People too Numerous to Mention Faithfully Recorded Herein
A Kidnapped Santa Claus
Essays of Travel
The Adventure of the Devil's Foot
Trails and Tramps in Alaska and Newfoundland
Exotics and Retrospectives
From Pekin to Calais by Land
Nine Unlikely Tales
A Short History of Christianity: Second Edition, Revised, With Additions
Sir Nigel
Original Short Stories — Volume 01
The Doctor's Dilemma: Preface on Doctors
Agriculture for Beginners: Revised Edition
"Some Say"; Neighbours in Cyrus
Tommy Tregennis
In the South Seas: Being an Account of Experiences and Observations in the Marquesas, Paumotus and Gilbert Islands in the Course of Two Cruises on the Yacht "Casco" (1888) and the Schooner "Equator" (1889)
Cleopatra
Hunting the Grisly and Other Sketches: An Account of the Big Game of the United States and its Chase with Horse, Hound, and Rifle
The Incomplete Amorist
A Bible School Manual: Studies in the Book of Revelation: An introduction, analysis, and notes, containing a concise interpretation according to the symbolic view, numerous references to authorities, and general mention of other interpretations, with the text of the American revised version edited in paragraphs, for the use of Bible students
The Wonder Clock; or, four & twenty marvellous Tales: being one for each hour of the day
Edinburgh: Picturesque Notes
Prayers Written At Vailima, and A Lowden Sabbath Morn
The Master of Ballantrae: A Winter's Tale
The works of Guy de Maupassant, Vol. 5: Une Vie and Other Stories
Parables of the Cross
A Texas Cow Boy: or, fifteen years on the hurricane deck of a Spanish pony, taken from real life
The Shadow of a Crime: A Cumbrian Romance
My Friend the Chauffeur
The Standard Electrical Dictionary: A Popular Dictionary of Words and Terms Used in the Practice of Electrical Engineering
A Man's Value to Society: Studies in Self Culture and Character
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 09
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 03 of 12)
Mother Nature's Toy-Shop
The Yellow Face
The Truth about the Titanic
Island Nights' Entertainments
The Magic of Oz
The Emerald City of Oz
Gulliver of Mars
The History of Cuba, vol. 2
From Ritual to Romance
Une Vie, a Piece of String and Other Stories
Egyptian Tales, Translated from the Papyri: First series, IVth to XIIth dynasty
The Palace Beautiful: A Story for Girls
Daddy's Girl
The Regimental Records of the British Army: A historical résumé chronologically arranged of titles, campaigns, honours, uniforms, facings, badges, nicknames, etc.
Archeological Expedition to Arizona in 1895: Seventeenth Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1895-1896, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1898, pages 519-744
The Art of Disappearing
The Riddle of the Mysterious Light
The Damnation of Theron Ware
Augustus Does His Bit: A True-to-Life Farce
Camp and Trail: A Story of the Maine Woods
The Future of the American Negro
Six Letters From the Colonies
They Looked and Loved; Or, Won by Faith
A Voice from the South: By a Black Woman of the South
The Adventure of the Red Circle
Lady Rose's Daughter
Penelope Brandling: A Tale of the Welsh coast in the Eighteenth Century
Eye Spy: Afield with Nature Among Flowers and Animate Things
Jim of Hellas, or In Durance Vile; The Troubling of Bethesda Pool
The psychology of sleep
Charlotte Brontë and Her Circle
The Light of Scarthey: A Romance
The Young Alaskans on the Trail
Mogreb-el-Acksa: A Journey in Morocco
Fire-making Apparatus in the U. S. National Museum
Round the Fire Stories
Handbook for Light Artillery
The Square of Sevens: An Authoritative Method of Cartomancy with a Prefatory Note
The Bride of the Tomb, and Queenie's Terrible Secret
Of Walks and Walking Tours: An Attempt to find a Philosophy and a Creed
An Iceland Fisherman
God and Mr. Wells: A Critical Examination of 'God the Invisible King'
The First Book of Farming
The Sunshade, the Glove, the Muff
The Man Farthest Down: A Record of Observation and Study in Europe
The Green Mummy
Micah Clarke: His Statement as made to his three grandchildren Joseph, Gervas and Reuben During the Hard Winter of 1734
Tales of Ind, and Other Poems
Young Lucretia and Other Stories
A Modern Tomboy: A Story for Girls
My Studio Neighbors
A Son of Hagar: A Romance of Our Time
A Text-Book of Astronomy
Fire and Sword in the Sudan: A Personal Narrative of Fighting and Serving the Dervishes 1879-1895
Ladies-In-Waiting
Dry fish and wet : $b Tales from a Norwegian seaport
Confessions of a Young Lady: Her Doings and Misdoings
Suffrage snapshots
The Market-Place
The Girl of the Golden West
First Book in Physiology and Hygiene
History of Australia and New Zealand from 1606 to 1890
The Royal Book of Oz: In which the Scarecrow goes to search for his family tree and discovers that he is the Long Lost Emperor of the Silver Island
The Twentieth Century American: Being a Comparative Study of the Peoples of the Two Great Anglo-Saxon Nations
The Secret Memoirs of Bertha Krupp: From the Papers and Diaries of Chief Gouvernante Baroness D'Alteville
History of the Water Supply of the World: arranged in a comprehensive form from eminent authorities, containing a description of the various methods of water supply, pollution and purification of waters, and sanitary effects, with analyses of potable waters, also geology and water strata of Hamilton county, Ohio, statistics of the Ohio river, proposed water supply of Cincinnati.
'Gloria Victis!' A Romance
The Croxley Master: A Great Tale Of The Prize Ring
The Old Testament in the Light of the Historical Records and Legends of Assyria and Babylonia
Inventors at Work, with Chapters on Discovery
Fishing from the Earliest Times
Of one blood: or, The hidden self
The Philosophy of Despair
Vanishing England
The Vanishing Race: The Last Great Indian Council
The Legend of Sir Lancelot du Lac: Studies upon its Origin, Development, and Position in the Arthurian Romantic Cycle
Egoists, A Book of Supermen: Stendhal, Baudelaire, Flaubert, Anatole France, Huysmans, Barrès, Nietzsche, Blake, Ibsen, Stirner, and Ernest Hello
A Woman of No Importance
Overruled
A Maid of the Silver Sea
Charles Dickens and Music
Clairvoyance
Rising Wolf, the White Blackfoot: Hugh Monroe's Story of His First Year on the Plains
The Ethics of Medical Homicide and Mutilation
Color Standards and Color Nomenclature: With fifty-three colored plates and eleven hundred and fifteen named colors
Aliens or Americans?
A Girl in Ten Thousand
The History of Cuba, vol. 4
Reflections on War and Death
Voltaire: A Sketch of His Life and Works
Children of Christmas, and Others
The Wind in the Rose-Bush, and Other Stories of the Supernatural
What Two Children Did
The Mediaeval Mind (Volume 1 of 2): A History of the Development of Thought and Emotion in the Middle Ages
The Book of the Ocean
Otto of the Silver Hand
In Indian Mexico (1908)
The Number Concept: Its Origin and Development
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Salisbury: A Description of its Fabric and a Brief History of the See of Sarum
The Weight of the Crown
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 08 of 12)
Experiments on Animals
The Green Goddess
The Story of Geographical Discovery: How the World Became Known
Representation of Deities of the Maya Manuscripts
Wood-working for Beginners: A Manual for Amateurs
The Seri Indians. (1898 N 17 / 1895-1896 (pages 1-344*))
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses
Moonfleet
The Honorable Miss: A Story of an Old-Fashioned Town
Vice Versa; or, A Lesson to Fathers
Pussy and Doggy Tales
The Talking Horse, and Other Tales
Bayou Folk
The Duchess of Padua
Byways Around San Francisco Bay
The Social History of Smoking
A Life of William Shakespeare: with portraits and facsimiles
The Weird Orient: Nine Mystic Tales
The foreign debt of English literature
Falk: A Reminiscence
Searchlights on Health: The Science of Eugenics
Searchlights on Health: Light on Dark Corners: A Complete Sexual Science and a Guide to Purity and Physical Manhood, Advice To Maiden, Wife, And Mother, Love, Courtship, And Marriage
The Declaration of the Rights of Man and of Citizens
Dickens and His Illustrators: Cruikshank, Seymour, Buss, "Phiz," Cattermole, Leech, Doyle, Stanfield, Maclise, Tenniel, Frank Stone, Landseer, Palmer, Topham, Marcus Stone, and Luke Fildes; 2nd. Ed.
The Story of Gösta Berling
The Parasite: A Story
The Lake of the Sky: Lake Tahoe in the High Sierras of California and Nevada, its History, Indians, Discovery by Frémont, Legendary Lore, Various Namings, Physical Characteristics, Glacial Phenomena, Geology, Single Outlet, Automobile Routes, Historic Towns, Early Mining Excitements, Steamer Ride, Mineral Springs, Mountain and Lake Resorts, Trail and Camping Out Trips, Summer Residences, Fishing, Hunting, Flowers, Birds, Animals, Trees, and Chaparral, with a Full Account of the Tahoe National Forest, the Public Use of the Water of Lake Tahoe and Much Other Interesting Matter
Famous Violinists of To-day and Yesterday
Red Rose and Tiger Lily; Or, In a Wider World
A Daughter of the Vine
House Rats and Mice
Archæology and the Bible
Life Movements in Plants, Volume I
Bohemian Paris of To-day: Second Edition
Life Immovable. First Part
Our Edible Toadstools and Mushrooms and How to Distinguish Them: A Selection of Thirty Native Food Varieties Easily Recognizable by their Marked Individualities, with Simple Rules for the Identification of Poisonous Species
The Golden Age
The Story of the Other Wise Man
Little Folks' Handy Book
A World of Girls: The Story of a School
Terrestrial and Celestial Globes Volume 1: Their History and Construction Including a Consideration of their Value as Aids in the Study of Geography and Astronomy
A Philadelphia Lawyer in the London Courts
Hymns of the Early Church: being translations from the poetry of the Latin church, arranged in the order of the Christian year
"Gombo Zhèbes." Little Dictionary of Creole Proverbs
The Master Key: An Electrical Fairy Tale Founded Upon the Mysteries of Electricity
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 06 : Central States and Great Lakes
Growth of the Soil
The North Pole: Its Discovery in 1909 under the auspices of the Peary Arctic Club
Is civilization a disease?
In My Nursery
Atlantic Narratives: Modern Short Stories; Second Series
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 10 of 12)
Kingless Folk, and Other Addresses on Bible Animals
Atlantic Narratives: Modern Short Stories
Schools of to-morrow
The House of Arden: A Story for Children
History of Zionism, 1600-1918, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Father Damien: An Open Letter to the Reverend Dr. Hyde of Honolulu
Romance
My Friends the Savages: Notes and Observations of a Perak settler (Malay Peninsula)
Adrian Savage: A Novel
A College Girl
The Leper in England: with some account of English lazar-houses
The Central Eskimo: Sixth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1884-1885, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1888, pages 399-670
Wet Magic
New Chronicles of Rebecca
Chopin : the Man and His Music
The Philanderer
Through the Brazilian Wilderness
Notes on My Books
A Book-Lover's Holidays in the Open
The Ebb-Tide: A Trio And Quartette
The Mystery of a Hansom Cab
Baboo Jabberjee, B.A.
Poppea of the Post-Office
The Flying Girl
New Poems, and Variant Readings
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
Elementary Guide to Literary Criticism
The Life of Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson
North America
Old-Time Gardens, Newly Set Forth
Essays in Experimental Logic
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 11 of 12)
Glimpses of Unfamiliar Japan: Second Series
A Commentary on Herodotus
"Boy Wanted": A Book of Cheerful Counsel
Ancient Britain and the Invasions of Julius Caesar
Indian Heroes and Great Chieftains
A Selection from the Writings of Guy De Maupassant, Vol. I
The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge
The Rebel of the School
Southern Literature From 1579-1895: A comprehensive review, with copious extracts and criticisms; for the use of schools and the general reader
Lives of Famous Indian Chiefs: From Cofachiqui, the Indian Princess, and Powhatan; down to and including Chief Joseph and Geronimo. Also an answer, from the latest research, of the query, Whence came the Indian? Together with a number of thrillingly interesting Indian stories and anecdotes from history
The Nether World
Vendetta: A Story of One Forgotten
The Inside Story of the Peace Conference
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 03
And So They Were Married
Colonel Henry Ludington: A Memoir
The Art of Story-Telling
The Dance of Life
Law and Laughter
A Very Naughty Girl
From Gretna Green to Land's End: A Literary Journey in England.
The Battle of April 19, 1775: in Lexington, Concord, Lincoln, Arlington, Cambridge, Somerville and Charlestown, Massachusetts
The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax
The Quickening
The Land of Contrasts: A Briton's View of His American Kin
Advice to a Young Man upon First Going to Oxford: In Ten Letters, From an Uncle to His Nephew
Stray leaves from strange literature; and, Fantastics and other fancies
A Child's Garden of Verses
The Song of Songs
Old Picture Books, With Other Essays on Bookish Subjects
The Russian Opera
John Dough and the Cherub
In Indian Tents: Stories Told by Penobscot, Passamaquoddy and Micmac Indians to Abby L. Alger
How to amuse yourself and others : $b the American girl's handy book
From the Arctic Ocean to the Yellow Sea : $b The narrative of a journey, in 1890 and 1891, across Siberia, Mongolia, the Gobi desert, and north China
The Enchanted Island of Yew: Whereon Prince Marvel Encountered the High Ki of Twi and Other Surprising People
The Letters of Robert Louis Stevenson — Volume 2
The Einstein Theory of Relativity: A Concise Statement
Experimental Determination of the Velocity of Light: Made at the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis
An Introduction to Philosophy
History of the American Negro in the Great World War: His Splendid Record in the Battle Zones of Europe; Including a Resume of His Past Services to his Country in the Wars of the Revolution, of 1812, the War of Rebellion, the Indian Wars on the Frontier, the Spanish-American War, and the Late Imbroglio With Mexico
Sextus Empiricus and Greek Scepticism
The Belief in Immortality and the Worship of the Dead, Volume 1 (of 3): The Belief Among the Aborigines of Australia, the Torres Straits Islands, New Guinea and Melanesia
The Parasite
Robert Elsmere
Feminism and Sex-Extinction
Budd Boyd's Triumph; or, The Boy-Firm of Fox Island
A Guide to the Study of Fishes, Volume 1 (of 2)
How to bring men to Christ
A History of the Old English Letter Foundries: with Notes, Historical and Bibliographical, on the Rise and Progress of English Typography.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Arthur Conan Doyle
The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft
Egypt (La Mort de Philae)
The Naval War of 1812: Or the History of the United States Navy during the Last War with Great Britain to Which Is Appended an Account of the Battle of New Orleans
Marie Bashkirtseff (From Childhood to Girlhood)
Oscar Wilde, His Life and Confessions. Volume 1 (of 2)
Discoverers and Explorers
The Young Alaskans on the Missouri
Cleek, the Master Detective
The Golden Age
Man and Maid
A Traitor's Wooing
Congressional government : $b a study in American politics
Oxford Lectures on Poetry
John Greenleaf Whittier: His Life, Genius, and Writings
Franz Liszt
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 06 of 12)
Ambassador Morgenthau's Story
Invisible helpers
Beyond the City
Lay Morals, and Other Papers
Notes on Life & Letters
John Bull's Other Island
The Boy Life of Napoleon, Afterwards Emperor of the French
The Little Manx Nation - 1891
Home Pork Making
Dream Days
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz
Nerves and Common Sense
A Library Primer
Short Sketches from Oldest America
Chats on Household Curios
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 04
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 07 of 12)
Extinct Monsters: A Popular Account of Some of the Larger Forms of Ancient Animal Life
The Rivers and Streams of England
Lyman's History of old Walla Walla County, Vol. 1: Embracing Walla Walla, Columbia, Garfield and Asotin counties
Three Plays by Brieux: With a Preface by Bernard Shaw
Birds in Legend, Fable and Folklore
Historic Ornament, Vol. 1 (of 2): Treatise on decorative art and architectural ornament
'Twixt Land & Sea: Tales
Poems
A Romance of Two Worlds: A Novel
The Long White Cloud: "Ao Tea Roa"
My Adventures as a Spy
A Study of Pueblo Pottery as Illustrative of Zuñi Culture Growth.: Fourth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1882-83, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1886, pages 467-522
The Golden Censer: Or, the duties of to-day, the hopes of the future
Archeological Investigations
The Mermaid: A Love Tale
Mr. Punch's History of Modern England, Vol. 2 (of 4).—1857-1874
Winged Wheels in France
The Children's Book of Gardening
The Adventures of Gerard
Preface to Major Barbara: First Aid to Critics
The Purpose of the Papacy
Oscar Wilde, His Life and Confessions. Volume 2 (of 2)
The Daughters of Danaus
The Cow
Black Oxen
The Importance of Being Earnest
Comic Bible Sketches, Reprinted from "The Freethinker"
Cowboy Life on the Sidetrack: Being an Extremely Humorous & Sarcastic Story of the Trials & Tribulations Endured by a Party of Stockmen Making a Shipment from the West to the East.
A Civil Servant in Burma
The Truth About Jesus : Is He a Myth?: Illustrated
On Digestive Proteolysis: Being the Cartwright Lectures for 1894
Finding the Worth While in the Southwest
Among Cannibals: An Account of Four Years' Travels in Australia and of Camp Life With the Aborigines of Queensland
The Road to Oz
Woman and Labour
The Sea Fairies
History of Modern Philosophy: From Nicolas of Cusa to the Present Time
Right Use of Lime in Soil Improvement
A Biographical Dictionary of Freethinkers of All Ages and Nations
Photogravure
The Crime of the Congo
Sky Island: Being the Further Exciting Adventures of Trot and Cap'n Bill After Their Visit to the Sea Fairies
Convenient Houses, With Fifty Plans for the Housekeeper
Music in the History of the Western Church: With an Introduction on Religious Music Among Primitive and Ancient Peoples
The four Corners abroad
Bill Nye and Boomerang: Or, The Tale of a Meek-Eyed Mule, and Some Other Literary Gems
Index of the Project Gutenberg works of Robert Louis Stevenson
Familiar Studies of Men and Books
Child of Storm
The Canterville Ghost
The Dawn of Reason; or, Mental Traits in the Lower Animals
The Giant's Robe
Oswald Bastable and Others
Name and Fame: A Novel
The Story of Sir Launcelot and His Companions
The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. Vol. 4 (of 4)
Forty years of 'Spy'
Mr. Incoul's Misadventure
Zoölogy: The Science of Animal Life: Popular Science Library, Volume XII (of 16), P. F. Collier & Son Company, 1922
Life of St. Francis of Assisi
Researches on Cellulose, 1895-1900
Royal Children of English History
A Yankee from the West: A Novel
Korean Tales: Being a collection of stories translated from the Korean folk lore, together with introductory chapters descriptive of Korea
Historical records of the Buffs, East Kent Regiment (3rd Foot) : $b Formerly designated the Holland Regiment and Prince George of Denmark's Regiment
Young Knights of the Empire : Their Code, and Further Scout Yarns
Outlines of Lessons in Botany, Part I; from Seed to Leaf: For the Use of Teachers, or Mothers Studying with Their Children
Cattle Brands: A Collection of Western Camp-Fire Stories
Miscellanies
The Confessions of a Caricaturist, Vol. 2
Harding's luck
The Romance of His Life, and Other Romances
The Queen's Daughters in India
The Life of James McNeill Whistler
Smith and the Pharaohs, and other Tales
Akbar, Emperor of India: A Picture of Life and Customs from the Sixteenth Century
The Inheritors
Are the Planets Inhabited?
The Badger: A Monograph
The Bible Unveiled
Mr. Punch's History of Modern England, Vol. 4 (of 4).—1892-1914
Camp Mates in Michigan; or, with Pack and Paddle in the Pine Woods
English Wayfaring Life in the Middle Ages (XIVth Century)
The Golden Silence
Big Game: A Story for Girls
The Woggle-Bug Book
The Task of Social Hygiene
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 13: Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Lovers
Looking Backward: 2000-1887
The Song of Songs
Vision House
Climbing in The British Isles.  Vol. 1 - England
The Gentle Reader
The Way to the West, and the Lives of Three Early Americans: Boone—Crockett—Carson
The Boss, and How He Came to Rule New York
The Achievement of the British Navy in the World-War
A sham princess
The Silverado Squatters
Finished
Allan's Wife
The Life of Sir Richard Burton
Robert Elsmere
Hauntings: Fantastic Stories
Denslow's Three Bears
The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. Vol. 1 (of 4)
Rodman the Boatsteerer, and Other Stories: 1898
The Opened Shutters: A Novel
A Bookful of Girls
Babylonian and Assyrian Laws, Contracts and Letters
The Mandarin's Fan
The Travelling Companions: A Story in Scenes
A dictionary of American authors
Myths of northern lands : $b Narrated with special reference to literature and art
Virginibus Puerisque, and Other Papers
The Romance of the Colorado River: The Story of its Discovery in 1840, with an Account of the Later Explorations, and with Special Reference to the Voyages of Powell through the Line of the Great Canyons
Concerning Animals and Other Matters
A Little Mother to the Others
The Point Of Honor: A Military Tale
The House Fly and How to Suppress It
The Insect Folk
The History of Cuba, vol. 1
The Mechanism of Life
In to the Yukon
English Law and the Renaissance: The Rede Lecture for 1901
The Dungeons of Old Paris: Being the Story and Romance of the Most Celebrated Prisons of the Monarchy and the Revolution
Court Life in China: The Capital, Its Officials and People
The Firm of Girdlestone
Black and White: Land, Labor, and Politics in the South
Visionaries
Salads, Sandwiches and Chafing-Dish Dainties: With Fifty Illustrations of Original Dishes
The Siouan Indians
Life of Heber C. Kimball, an apostle : $b the father and founder of the British mission
"Sterminator Vesevo" (Vesuvius the great exterminator): Diary of the Eruption of April 1906
English Grammar and Composition for Public Schools
The Curiosities of Ale & Beer: An Entertaining History: (Illustrated with over Fifty Quaint Cuts)
Strange Peoples
Ten Essays on Zionism and Judaism
The soul of Lilith
New Poems
Poems
The Life of Napoleon I (Complete)
The Broken Soldier and the Maid of France
The Surprising Adventures of the Magical Monarch of Mo and His People
The Adventures of Dick Maitland: A Tale of Unknown Africa
Crops and Methods for Soil Improvement
A Child's Garden of Verses
Maxims for Revolutionists
Woman in Science: With an Introductory Chapter on Woman's Long Struggle for Things of the Mind
Unicorns
With the Battle Fleet: Cruise of the Sixteen Battleships of the United States Atlantic Fleet from Hampton Roads to the Golden Gate, December, 1907-May, 1908
The spider and the fly : $b or, An undesired love
A Collection of Kachári Folk-Tales and Rhymes
Tor, a Street Boy of Jerusalem
Five Children and It
The Enchanted Castle
The Lost Stradivarius
The Bell in the Fog and Other Stories
The Wouldbegoods
The Spanish Pioneers
Essays In Pastoral Medicine
Nooks and Corners of Shropshire
Book-Plates
English Poor Law Policy
Big Game Shooting, volume 1 (of 2)
Pioneers in Australasia
Sandburrs
Spiritual Tales: Re-issue of the Shorter Stories of Fiona Macleod; Rearranged, with Additional Tales
Kidnapped (Illustrated): Being Memoirs of the Adventures of David Balfour in the Year 1751
The Black Police: A Story of Modern Australia
Passing of the Third Floor Back
Hardy Ornamental Flowering Trees and Shrubs
The Testing of Diana Mallory
Three Years' War
The Blue Goose
Notwithstanding
Woman under Monasticism: Chapters on Saint-Lore and Convent Life between A.D. 500 and A.D. 1500
Katydid's Poems
The Mystery of the Ravenspurs: A Romance and Detective Story of Thibet and England
"Out of the East": Reveries and Studies in New Japan
The World of Dreams
The Blind Musician
How to Study Architecture
The North Americans of Antiquity: Their origin, migrations, and type of civilization considered
Her own way
The Blue Flower
Diary of a Pilgrimage
Strong as Death
The Christian: A Story
The Refugees: A Tale of Two Continents
The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Volume 3
A Child's Garden of Verses
The Confessions of a Caricaturist, Vol. 1
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 18
Astronomy: The Science of the Heavenly Bodies
History of the Fan
Émile Zola, Novelist and Reformer: An Account of His Life & Work
Molly's treachery
A Yellow God: An Idol of Africa
On the Prospects of Christianity: Bernard Shaw's Preface to Androcles and the Lion
The Parish Clerk
The Story of the Living Machine: A Review of the Conclusions of Modern Biology in Regard; to the Mechanism Which Controls the Phenomena of Living; Activity
History of Ancient Civilization
The Independence of Claire
Folklore as an Historical Science
Gallipoli Diary, Volume 2
The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. Vol. 3 (of 4)
Rulers of India: Albuquerque
Sigurd Our Golden Collie, and Other Comrades of the Road
The Wanderings of a Spiritualist
The Philosophy of Disenchantment
Abigail Adams and Her Times
The Mystic Mid-Region: The Deserts of the Southwest
The Cathedrals of Great Britain: Their History and Architecture
The Story of My Mind; Or, How I Became a Rationalist
The excavations at Babylon
The art of decorating dry goods windows and interiors : $b A complete manual of window trimming, designed as an educator in all the details of the art, according to the best accepted methods, and treating fully every important subject
Montezuma's Daughter
The Witch of Prague: A Fantastic Tale
The Press-Gang Afloat and Ashore
The Business of Being a Woman
Other Worlds: Their Nature, Possibilities and Habitability in the Light of the Latest Discoveries
Afloat on the Ohio: An Historical Pilgrimage of a Thousand Miles in a Skiff, from Redstone to Cairo
The Cardinal Moth
Wild flowers of the north-eastern states : $b Being three hundred and eight individuals common to the north-eastern United States
Hunter Quatermain's Story
Heroic Romances of Ireland, Translated into English Prose and Verse — Volume 1
Jerry's Reward
"Stops", Or How to Punctuate: A Practical Handbook for Writers and Students
Out-of-Doors in the Holy Land: Impressions of Travel in Body and Spirit
Anarchism and Socialism
A Nest of Linnets
Fifteen Years Among the Top-Knots; Or, Life in Korea
The Untilled Field
Comedy of Marriage and Other Tales
A History of English Prose Fiction
The Simple Life
The Story of Paris
Hymns of the Greek Church: Translated with Introduction and Notes
The Oxford Degree Ceremony
A Cry in the Wilderness
Stories and Pictures
Dot and Tot of Merryland
Lyman's History of old Walla Walla County,  Vol. 2: Embracing Walla Walla, Columbia, Garfield and Asotin counties
Snow-White; or, The House in the Wood
Olaf the Glorious: A Story of the Viking Age
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 01: Little Journeys to the Homes of Good Men and Great
The Street Called Straight
Beatrice d'Este, Duchess of Milan, 1475-1497
Old Crow
The Belief in Immortality and the Worship of the Dead, Volume 2 (of 3): The Belief Among the Polynesians
The Columbia River: Its History, Its Myths, Its Scenery, Its Commerce
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Isaiah, Volume 1 (of 2)
Queen Zixi of Ix; Or, the Story of the Magic Cloak
Outdoor pastimes of an American hunter
History of Zionism, 1600-1918, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Anthropology : $b [a lecture delivered at Columbia University in the series on science, philosophy and art, December 18, 1907]
Round the Red Lamp: Being Facts and Fancies of Medical Life
The Complete Works of Brann, the Iconoclast — Volume 12
Little Rivers: A Book of Essays in Profitable Idleness
The Ivory Child
What Peace Means
At Fault
The Pianolist: A Guide for Pianola Players
Policeman Bluejay
The Mountain Girl
The Negro in the South: His Economic Progress in Relation to his Moral and Religious Development
A Scout of To-day
The Potter's Craft: A Practical Guide for the Studio and Workshop
Industrial Cuba: Being a Study of Present Commercial and Industrial Conditions, with Suggestions as to the Opportunities Presented in the Island for American Capital, Enterprise, and Labour
Christina of Denmark, Duchess of Milan and Lorraine, 1522-1590
A Guide to the Study of Fishes, Volume 2 (of 2)
Old Mines of Southern California: Desert-Mountain-Coastal Areas Including the Calico-Salton Sea Colorado River Districts and Southern Counties
The last test
Old Indian Days
Thelma
A text-book of assaying : $b for the use of those connected with mines.
The Triumphs of Eugène Valmont
The Singing Mouse Stories
Lady Betty Across the Water
The History of Sir Richard Calmady: A Romance
The Drama Of Three Hundred & Sixty-Five Days: Scenes In The Great War
Heroes of Science: Physicists
Studies in Logical Theory
Louis Pasteur: His Life and Labours
Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam
A Short History of Freethought Ancient and Modern, Volume 1 of 2: Third edition, Revised and Expanded, in two volumes
The Book of the Pearl: The history, art, science, and industry of the queen of gems
The Thirteenth Man
Prince Otto, a Romance
California and the Californians
The Guinea Stamp: A Tale of Modern Glasgow
"A Soldier Of The Empire"
How the Flag Became Old Glory
How Girls Can Help Their Country
The O'Ruddy: A Romance
Introduction to the study of history
Garden Ornaments
Monumental Java
Descriptive Analyses of Piano Works: For the Use of Teachers, Players, and Music Clubs
Twenty Years a Detective in the Wickedest City in the World
The Story of Captain, the Horse with the Human Brain
The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (Third Edition, Vol. 02 of 12)
The nutrition of man
Drawing in charcoal and crayon for the use of students and schools
The Outlet
A Short History of Wales
Cosmopolis — Complete
The Brain and the Voice in Speech and Song
Miss Caprice
The Ordeal: A Mountain Romance of Tennessee
The Happy Prince, and Other Tales
Bert Lloyd's Boyhood: A Story from Nova Scotia
The Slave of Silence
Thomas Carlyle
Miscellaneous Aphorisms; The Soul of Man
Sarita, the Carlist
Within the Tides: Tales
Madame Chrysantheme — Volume 1
Kokoro: Hints and Echoes of Japanese Inner Life
54-40 or Fight
The Heather-Moon
Frenzied Finance, Vol. 1: The Crime of Amalgamated
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 19
Red Hunters and the Animal People
Courtship and Marriage, and the Gentle Art of Home-Making
The Squire's Daughter
The City of Numbered Days
Martin Van Buren
The Spirit of America
Hugh Miller
Christ Legends
The chronicles of Fairy land
The Letters of Robert Louis Stevenson — Volume 1
Hero Tales from American History
Wells Brothers: The Young Cattle Kings
The Poems of William Watson
Keeping Fit All the Way: How to Obtain and Maintain Health, Strength and Efficiency
Winnie Childs, the Shop Girl
Matthew Arnold
The Makers of Canada: Bishop Laval
By the Christmas Fire
Studies in the Poetry of Italy, Part I. Roman
Mr Punch's Pocket Ibsen - A Collection of Some of the Master's Best Known Dramas
The Prairie Schooner
Narcissa, or the Road to Rome; In Verona
Not Guilty: A Defence of the Bottom Dog
Florence Nightingale, the Angel of the Crimea: A Story for Young People
Chantilly in History and Art
True Tales of the Weird: a record of personal experiences of the supernatural
A Girl of the Plains Country
Rings for the finger : $b from the earliest known times to the present, with full descriptions of the origin, early making, materials, the archæology, history, for affection, for love, for engagement, for wedding, commemorative, mourning, etc.
Farmer Bluff's dog Blazer : $b or, At the eleventh hour
The House Behind the Cedars
The Scarecrow of Oz
Eric Brighteyes
The mystery of Cloomber
Sabbath in Puritan New England
The Devil's Own: A Romance of the Black Hawk War
A Dozen Ways Of Love
The Eye of Dread
Ivory, Apes and Peacocks
Creative Intelligence: Essays in the Pragmatic Attitude
Astronomy with an Opera-glass: A Popular Introduction to the Study of the Starry Heavens with the Simplest of Optical Instruments
The Literary Sense
Little Nobody
Abner Daniel: A Novel
Philipp Reis: Inventor of the Telephone: A Biographical Sketch
Michael Faraday, His Life and Work
An Inland Voyage
O'Flaherty V.C.: A Recruiting Pamphlet
Heart's Desire: The Story of a Contented Town, Certain Peculiar Citizens, and Two Fortunate Lovers; A Novel
The Eternal City
The Story of the Outlaw: A Study of the Western Desperado
Nights: Rome, Venice, in the Aesthetic Eighties; London, Paris, in the Fighting Nineties
The Great Keinplatz Experiment and Other Tales of Twilight and the Unseen
The Pagan's Cup
Pippin; A Wandering Flame
Through Scandinavia to Moscow
Mr. Punch's History of Modern England, Vol. 3 (of 4).—1874-1892
Ludwig the Second, King of Bavaria
Leaves from the Diary of an Impressionist: Early Writings
The Cliff-Dwellers: A Novel
Geoffrey de Mandeville: A study of the Anarchy
Janet's college career
Told After Supper
The Last Galley; Impressions and Tales
Crime: Its Cause and Treatment
Christmas Tales and Christmas Verse
Public School Domestic Science
Stradella
From Paris to New York by Land
The Angel of the Revolution: A Tale of the Coming Terror
The Gateless Barrier
American Leaders and Heroes: A preliminary text-book in United States History
The Literature of the Old Testament
Karl Marx
The Fourth Dimension
Richard the Lion Heart
Dream Days
Selected Poems of Oscar Wilde
The Far Horizon
Gaspar Ruiz
The colored inventor : $b a record of fifty years
Aunt Jane of Kentucky
Cleek of Scotland Yard: Detective Stories
The Methods of Glass Blowing and of Working Silica in the Oxy-Gas Flame: For the use of chemical and physical students
A Hero of Romance
Vanished Halls and Cathedrals of France
Gandhi and Anarchy
The Cruise of the "Cachalot" Round the World After Sperm Whales
Eben Holden: A Tale of the North Country
Egyptian Tales, Translated from the Papyri: Second series, XVIIIth to XIXth dynasty
New Ideas in India During the Nineteenth Century: A Study of Social, Political, and Religious Developments
Field's Chromatography: or Treatise on Colours and Pigments as Used by Artists
On the Mexican Highlands, with a Passing Glimpse of Cuba
Studies on the Legend of the Holy Grail: With Especial Reference to the Hypothesis of Its Celtic Origin
The Mediaeval Mind (Volume 2 of 2): A History of the Development of Thought and Emotion in the Middle Ages
Wanderings in Ireland
English Illustration 'The Sixties': 1855-70: With Numerous Illustrations by Ford Madox Brown: A. Boyd Houghton: Arthur Hughes: Charles Keene: M. J. Lawless: Lord Leighton, P.R.A.: Sir J. E. Millais, P.R.A.: G. Du Maurier: J. W. North, R.A.: G. J. Pinwell: Dante Gabriel Rossetti: W. Small: Frederick Sandys: J. Mcneill Whistler: Frederick Walker, A.R.A.: and Others
Metapsychical Phenomena: Methods and Observations
King Solomon's Goat
Dreadnoughts of the Dogger: A Story of the War on the North Sea
The Treasure of Hidden Valley
Rose of the World
Birds of Song and Story
Camping and camp cooking
The Story of Waitstill Baxter
Around the World on a Bicycle - Volume I: From San Francisco to Teheran
Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Castle Inn
Mary at the Farm and Book of Recipes Compiled During Her Visit Among the "Pennsylvania Germans"
The Light in the Clearing: A Tale of the North Country in the Time of Silas Wright
The Inner Sisterhood: A Social Study in High Colors
The Voyageur and Other Poems
The Last of the Legions and Other Tales of Long Ago
Pemrose Lorry, Camp Fire Girl
The Broken Gate: A Novel
A Woman's Burden: A Novel
The Sa'-Zada Tales
The Tale of a Field Hospital
Three Years in Western China: A Narrative of Three Journeys in Ssu-ch'uan, Kuei-chow, and Yün-nan
The Thirteenth Hussars in the Great War
Vailima Letters: Being Correspondence Addressed by Robert Louis Stevenson to Sidney Colvin, November 1890-October 1894
Criminal Sociology
The Angel and the Author, and Others
Pax Vobiscum
Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson: Selected and Edited With an Introduction and Notes by William Lyon Phelps
Parkhurst Boys, and Other Stories of School Life
Montaigne and Shakspere
Perez the Mouse
Stories of the Foot-hills
Essays in the Study of Folk-Songs (1886)
The Piskey-Purse: Legends and Tales of North Cornwall
A Daughter of the Rich
Bulldog Carney
The Fundamental Doctrines of the Christian faith
Animal Behaviour
A History of Spanish Literature
Studies and Exercises in Formal Logic
The desert : $b Further studies in natural appearances
My larger education : $b Being chapters from my experience
Underwoods
The Love Affairs of a Bibliomaniac
A Gentleman of France: Being the Memoirs of Gaston de Bonne Sieur de Marsac
The Voice
Morning Star
Demos
Madame Midas
The Winning of the West, Volume 1: From the Alleghanies to the Mississippi, 1769-1776
The Life of Gordon, Volume II
Wigwam Evenings: Sioux Folk Tales Retold
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 21
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 17
Tennyson's Life and Poetry: And Mistakes Concerning Tennyson
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Proverbs
Nat Goodwin's Book
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of the Twelve Prophets, Vol. 2: Commonly Called the Minor
The Story of the Grail and the Passing of Arthur
Idylls of the Sea, and Other Marine Sketches
Secrets of Polar Travel
Love-Songs of Childhood
An Introduction to Chemical Science
The Ink-Stain (Tache d'encre) — Complete
Rodney Stone
Robert Browning
In the Days of Poor Richard
Full Revelations of a Professional Rat-catcher After 25 Years' Experience
The Book of Art for Young People
The Willoughby Captains
A Houseful of Girls
The Story of Old Fort Loudon
The Life of Yakoob Beg; Athalik Ghazi, and Badaulet; Ameer of Kashgar
The Cottage of Delight: A Novel
True Stories of Girl Heroines
Stephen: A Soldier of the Cross
Boat-Building and Boating
Mr. Punch's History of Modern England, Vol. 1 (of 4).—1841-1857
Devonshire
Evolution in Art: As Illustrated by the Life-histories of Designs
The Book of Masks
Ruskin Relics
The Apple of Discord
Philip Hale's Boston Symphony Programme Notes
A History of the 17th Lancers (Duke of Cambridge's Own)
Primitive Athens as described by Thucydides
Allan and the Holy Flower
The Positive School of Criminology: Three Lectures Given at the University of Naples, Italy on April 22, 23 and 24, 1901
The Adventures of Ann: Stories of Colonial Times
George Borrow and His Circle: Wherein May Be Found Many Hitherto Unpublished Letters of Borrow and His Friends
The Reluctant Dragon
John Frewen, South Sea Whaler: 1904
Labor and Freedom: The Voice and Pen of Eugene V. Debs
Fine Books
The Alps
American Football
The Modern Pistol and How to Shoot It
The German War
New Witnesses for God (Volume 2 of 3)
The Mentor: Uncle Sam, Vol. 7, Num. 11, Serial No. 183, July 15, 1919
The Capitals of Spanish America
How to Use the Popular Science Library; History of Science; General Index
Cubists and Post-Impressionism
Tik-Tok of Oz
Dream Life and Real Life: A Little African Story
In the Year of Jubilee
Play-Making: A Manual of Craftsmanship
Radio Boys Cronies; Or, Bill Brown's Radio
Red Money
Poems of Passion
Good Things to Eat, as Suggested by Rufus: A Collection of Practical Recipes for Preparing Meats, Game, Fowl, Fish, Puddings, Pastries, Etc.
Polly: A New-Fashioned Girl
Response in the Living and Non-Living
Surgical Experiences in South Africa, 1899-1900: Being Mainly a Clinical Study of the Nature and Effects of Injuries Produced by Bullets of Small Calibre
The Fifth Form at Saint Dominic's: A School Story
Color Value
Cardinal Newman as a Musician
Jewish children
The Daughters of a Genius
Within Prison Walls: being a narrative during a week of voluntary confinement in the state prison at Auburn, New York
Tales from the Veld
Child Life in Colonial Days
The Book of Coniston
Feudal England: Historical Studies on the Eleventh and Twelfth Centuries
The Impossibilities of Anarchism
Big Game Shooting, volume 2 (of 2)
"1683-1920": The Fourteen Points and What Became of Them—Foreign Propaganda in the Public Schools—Rewriting the History of the United States—The Espionage Act and How It Worked—"Illegal and Indefensible Blockade" of the Central Powers—1,000,000 Victims of Starvation—Our Debt to France and to Germany—The War Vote in Congress—Truth About the Belgian Atrocities—Our Treaty with Germany and How Observed—The Alien Property Custodianship—Secret Will of Cecil Rhodes—Racial Strains in American Life—Germantown Settlement of 1683 and a Thousand Other Topics
The Mentor: The National Gallery—London, Vol. 4, Num. 4, Serial No. 104, April 1, 1916: Great Galleries of the World
The Return of the O'Mahony: A Novel
Gray Lady and the Birds: Stories of the Bird Year for Home and School
The Empire of Love
Vanished towers and chimes of Flanders
The Lightning Conductor: The Strange Adventures of a Motor-Car
The True Benjamin Franklin
Psychology and Social Practice
Golden Alaska: A Complete Account to Date of the Yukon Valley
The Expert Maid-Servant
The Garden of Eden: Stories from the first nine books of the Old Testament
My Strange Rescue, and Other Stories of Sport and Adventure in Canada
Glinda of Oz: In Which Are Related the Exciting Experiences of Princess Ozma of Oz, and Dorothy, in Their Hazardous Journey to the Home of the Flatheads, and to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers, and How They Were Rescued from Dire Peril by the Sorcery of Glinda the Good
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 05: Little Journeys to the Homes of English Authors
Chapters on Jewish literature
Follow My Leader: The Boys of Templeton
Pixie O'Shaughnessy
Parables of the Christ-life
Recollections of Dante Gabriel Rossetti
The Indian To-day: The Past and Future of the First American
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 22: Juvenilia and Other Papers
The Place of Science in Modern Civilisation, and Other Essays
The Squire's Little Girl
Life and adventures of "Billy" Dixon of Adobe Walls, Texas panhandle : $b A narrative in which is described many things relating to the early Southwest
Pirates' Hope
Mont Oriol; or, A Romance of Auvergne: A Novel
The Mentor: The Ring of the Nibelung, Vol. 3, Num. 24, Serial No. 100, February 1, 1916
A Man: His Mark. A Romance: Second Edition
A History of Dentistry from the most Ancient Times until the end of the Eighteenth Century
Buell Hampton
The Land of Oz
The Bears of Blue River
Heraldry as art: An account of its development and practice, chiefly in England
Novel Notes
My Lady of the North
Tropic Days
History of Dogma, Volume 1
The Chauffeur and the Chaperon
Danger! and Other Stories
Regina, or the Sins of the Fathers
Unc' Edinburg: A Plantation Echo
How to Appreciate Music
Dutch and English on the Hudson: A Chronicle of Colonial New York
Is Life Worth Living Without Immortality?: A Lecture Delivered Before the Independent Religious Society, Chicago
Nooks & Corners of Old Paris
The Story of Scraggles
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of the Twelve Prophets, Vol. 1: Commonly Called the Minor
The four Corners
The Matabele Campaign: Being a Narrative of the Campaign in Suppressing the Native Rising in Matabeleland and Mashonaland, 1896
A Life of Napoleon Bonaparte, with a Sketch of Josephine, Empress of the French.
The land of mist
Stage-Land
The Pocket R.L.S.: Being Favourite Passages from the Works of Stevenson
The Truth about Jesus : Is He a Myth?
Wanderers
The Kiltartan History Book
Disease and Its Causes
Cecil Rhodes, Man and Empire-Maker
Cape Cod Folks
Girls of the Forest
Judith of the Cumberlands
Gobolinks; or, Shadow Pictures for Young and Old
The Public School Word-book: A conribution to to a historical glossary of words phrases and turns of expression obsolete and in current use peculiar to our great public schools together with some that have been or are modish at the universities
The Rover
Wisdom's Daughter: The Life and Love Story of She-Who-Must-be-Obeyed
Florence Nightingale: A Biography
Ballads
Idle Ideas in 1905
Poems of Cheer
Equality
The Evolution of Man Scientifically Disproved in 50 Arguments
The Story of the Guides
Little Wizard Stories of Oz
The Wild Geese
A Forest Hearth: A Romance of Indiana in the Thirties
The Annals of Willenhall
The Covenanters of Damascus; A Hitherto Unknown Jewish Sect
History of "Billy the Kid"
Wings and the Child; Or, The Building of Magic Cities
A Study of Splashes
North Cornwall Fairies and Legends
History of the Johnstown Flood: Including all the Fearful Record; the Breaking of the South Fork Dam; the Sweeping Out of the Conemaugh Valley; the Over-Throw of Johnstown; the Massing of the Wreck at the Railroad Bridge; Escapes, Rescues, Searches for Survivors and the Dead; Relief Organizations, Stupendous Charities, etc., etc., With Full Accounts also of the Destruction on the Susquehanna and Juniata Rivers, and the Bald Eagle Creek.
"If Youth but Knew!"
The New Forest
Toledo, the Story of an Old Spanish Capital
Mars and Its Canals
Chats on Old Copper and Brass
Baled Hay: A Drier Book than Walt Whitman's "Leaves o' Grass"
Dramatized Readings: Recitations in Poetry and Prose, Illustrated with Tableaux: Preston Library No. 1
The Boy Fortune Hunters in China
Tower of Ivory: A Novel
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry Rider Haggard
Audubon the Naturalist: A History of His Life and Time. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Delight and power in speech : $b A universal dramatic reader; a new, complete and practical method of securing delight and efficiency in silent and oral reading and private and public speech; together with a large and varied collection of carefully chosen selections in prose and poetry, with chapters on "The cultivation of the memory" and "After dinner speaking."
The Vital Message
The History of David Grieve
The Sisters-In-Law: A Novel of Our Time
The Unicorn from the Stars and Other Plays
The Fifth String
Frederic Lord Leighton: An Illustrated Record of His Life and Work
The Right to Privacy
Gold, Gold, in Cariboo! A Story of Adventure in British Columbia
A Year in Europe
Down the Orinoco in a Canoe
The Fraud of Feminism
Miss Mephistopheles: A Novel: (Sequel to Madame Midas.)
Legends of Switzerland
Around the Black Sea: Asia Minor, Armenia, Caucasus, Circassia, Daghestan, the Crimea, Roumania
Bees in Amber: A Little Book of Thoughtful Verse
Old English Sports, Pastimes and Customs
Red Pottage
Polly of the Hospital Staff
The Silent House
Brite and Fair
Voces Populi
The History of Mendelssohn's Oratorio 'Elijah'
A Plucky Girl
The Girl from the Marsh Croft
Kimiko, and Other Japanese Sketches
Corleone: A Tale of Sicily
Heraldry for Craftsmen & Designers
A Sister of the Red Cross: A Tale of the South African War
The White Conquerors: A Tale of Toltec and Aztec
The Mentor: Egypt, the Land of Mystery, Serial No. 42
Fanny's First Novel
The Relation of Art to Nature
Collecting Old Glass, English and Irish
A History of the British Army, Vol. 1: First Part—to the Close of the Seven Years' War
Left to Themselves: Being the Ordeal of Philip and Gerald
Hygiene: a manual of personal and public health (New Edition)
A Night in Acadie
A Sack of Shakings
The mind of primitive man : $b A course of lectures delivered before the Lowell Institute, Boston, Mass., and the National University of Mexico, 1910-1911
The Mating of Lydia
Polly Oliver's Problem
The Zeit-Geist
The Log of a Privateersman
Great Testimony against scientific cruelty
James Boswell
Mary Magdalen: A Chronicle
Crestlands: A Centennial Story of Cane Ridge
The Dealings of Captain Sharkey, and Other Tales of Pirates
Love Among the Lions: A Matrimonial Experience
The Abbess Of Vlaye
Blackfeet Tales of Glacier National Park
Fallen Fortunes
Keeping Up with William: In which the Honorable Socrates Potter Talks of the Relative Merits of Sense Common and Preferred
Lullaby-Land: Songs of Childhood
The Sovereignty of the Sea: An Historical Account of the Claims of England to the Dominion of the British Seas, and of the Evolution of the Territorial Waters
The Lawton Girl
The Four Seasons
Adventures of the Comte de la Muette during the Reign of Terror
Somerset
Self-Development and the Way to Power
The President: A Novel
Elements of Structural and Systematic Botany: For High Schools and Elementary College Courses
A Master of Mysteries
The False Chevalier: or, The Lifeguard of Marie Antoinette
The War in South Africa, Its Cause and Conduct
Americanisms and Briticisms; with other essays on other isms
One Irish Summer
The Influence of Darwin on Philosophy, and other essays in contemporary thought
Zuñi Folk Tales
Snow-shoes and Sledges: A Sequel to "The Fur-Seal's Tooth"
St. Ives: Being the Adventures of a French Prisoner in England
The Philosopher's Joke
Original Short Stories — Volume 03
The Rainbow and the Rose
Cashel Byron's Profession
The Face and the Mask
Love under Fire
Pearl of Pearl Island
An Alabaster Box
A Survey of Russian Literature, with Selections
The Pirate Island: A Story of the South Pacific
The Car of Destiny
Emily Brontë
The First Mate: The Story of a Strange Cruise
The Beautiful: An Introduction to Psychological Aesthetics
The Great House
A Gamble with Life
The Second Mrs. Tanqueray: A Play in Four Acts
Egyptian Birds: For the most part seen in the Nile Valley
Half Hours with the Lower Animals: Protozoans, Sponges, Corals, Shells, Insects, and Crustaceans
Domestic service
Poems of Power
Marzio's Crucifix, and Zoroaster
Stories of Later American History
The New York Stock Exchange in the Crisis of 1914
Aunt Jane's Nieces on the Ranch
The Die Varieties of the Nesbitt Series of United States Envelopes
Dixie After the War: An Exposition of Social Conditions Existing in the South, During the Twelve Years Succeeding the Fall of Richmond
The Master Key: An Electrical Fairy Tale Founded Upon the Mysteries of Electricity
The Story of the Nations: Portugal
The Story of Verona
Theatrical and Circus Life: or, Secrets of the Stage, Green-Room and Sawdust Arena
Observations of a Naturalist in the Pacific Between 1896 and 1899, Volume 1: Vanua Levu, Fiji
Peeps at Many Lands: Canada
Poems of Pleasure
Courage: A story wherein every one comes to the conclusion that the Courage in question proved a courage worth having
The Life of Tolstoy: First Fifty Years: Fifth Edition
The Wonderful Adventures of Phra the Phoenician
Shakespeare's Roman plays and their background
Greece and Babylon : $b A comparative sketch of Mesopotamian, Anatolian and Hellenic religions
Fables
The Mahatma and the Hare: A Dream Story
Jess
The Way of a Man
The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Volume 4
Edison's Conquest of Mars
Our Bird Comrades
A Master of Deception
The Last Days of Tolstoy
A History of Wood-Engraving
Tales from the X-bar Horse Camp: The Blue-Roan "Outlaw" and Other Stories
Princess Sarah, and Other Stories
Jack and the Bean-Stalk: English Hexameters
The Love Poems: (From Les Heures claires, Les Heures d'après-midi, Les Heures du Soir)
Little Peter: A Christmas Morality for Children of any Age
How to Behave and How to Amuse: A Handy Manual of Etiquette and Parlor Games
A Gray Eye or So. In Three Volumes—Volume I, II and III: Complete
The Golden Age
The Real Charlotte
Little Wanderers
Animals' Rights Considered in Relation to Social Progress
The London pleasure gardens of the eighteenth century
Survey of London, Volume 05 (of 14), the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields, part 2
Original Short Stories — Volume 02
Wolves of the Sea: Being a Tale of the Colonies from the Manuscript of One Geoffry Carlyle, Seaman, Narrating Certain Strange Adventures Which Befell Him Aboard the Pirate Craft "Namur"
Frederick Douglass: A Biography
The Rough Riders
The Woman Thou Gavest Me; Being the Story of Mary O'Neill
Youth, a Narrative
Annals of Music in America: A Chronological Record of Significant Musical Events
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 06
The Day of His Youth
The Hills of Refuge: A Novel
Vignettes of Manhattan; Outlines in Local Color
The New Christianity; or, The Religion of the New Age
The War with Mexico, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Little Cryptogram: A Literal Application to the Play of Hamlet of the Cipher System of Mr. Ignatius Donnelly.
On the Stage--and Off: The Brief Career of a Would-Be Actor
Germany before the war
Some Irish Yesterdays
The Story of Don John of Austria
A Persian Pearl, and Other Essays
The Life of Sophia Jex-Blake
The Ocean of Theosophy
Other People's Money, and How the Bankers Use It
Behind the veil at the Russian court
An apology for idlers, and other essays
Records of a Family of Engineers
Weir of Hermiston: An Unfinished Romance
The Ruling Passion: Tales of Nature and Human Nature
Lysbeth, a Tale of the Dutch
Quotes and Images From The Short Stories of Maupassant
Esther Waters
The Green Satin Gown
Dawn
Mr. Isaacs, A Tale of Modern India
Beth Norvell: A Romance of the West
German Culture Past and Present
The Cock-House at Fellsgarth
Betty Trevor
Radio Boys Loyalty; Or, Bill Brown Listens In
The Lightning Conductor Discovers America
History of Human Society
Lord Stranleigh Abroad
The Brightener
A Witch of the Hills, v. 1 [of 2]
The Wreckers
Unexplored Spain
The Jesus Problem: A Restatement of the Myth Theory
The Undercurrent
Gli Idioti = The Idiots
Marie: An Episode in the Life of the Late Allan Quatermain
Through the Magic Door
The Kiltartan Poetry Book; prose translations from the Irish
Tales Of Hearsay
A Cigarette-Maker's Romance
A Short History of English Printing, 1476-1898
Mary Wollstonecraft
With Spurs of Gold: Heroes of Chivalry and their Deeds
The Cauliflower
Bremen Cotton Exchange, 1872/1922
The Magnificent Adventure: Being the Story of the World's Greatest Exploration and the Romance of a Very Gallant Gentleman
What happened to Inger Johanne, as told by herself
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 10 (of 10)
The Traditional Games of England, Scotland, and Ireland (Vol 2 of 2): With Tunes, Singing-Rhymes, and Methods of Playing etc.
The Natural Philosophy of Love
Five Minute Stories
The Travelling Thirds
A Short History of Freethought Ancient and Modern, Volume 2 of 2: Third edition, Revised and Expanded, in two volumes
The Birth and Babyhood of the Telephone
Naturalistic Photography for Students of the Art.
Just a girl
The King's Scapegoat
Epidemics Resulting from Wars
Outlines of a Critical Theory of Ethics
The Empire and the Papacy, 918-1273
A history of the administration of the Royal Navy and of merchant shipping in relation to the Navy from MDIX to MDCLX, with an introduction treating of the preceding period
A little maid of Picardy
The Passing of the Frontier: A Chronicle of the Old West
Our World; Or, the Slaveholder's Daughter
Ardath: The Story of a Dead Self
Fanny's First Play
Melody : The Story of a Child
Mother Carey's Chickens
A Textbook of Theosophy
The Naval Pioneers of Australia
The Book of the Epic: The World's Great Epics Told in Story
The Emperor of Portugallia
The First Christmas Tree: A Story of the Forest
England in America, 1580-1652
Indian Unrest
A Man for the Ages: A Story of the Builders of Democracy
A desert drama : $b being the tragedy of the "Korosko"
The Nebuly Coat
American Sketches
Whispering Smith
Blackboard Drawing
Soap-Bubbles and the Forces Which Mould Them
The myth of the Jewish menace in world affairs: or, The truth about the forged protocols of the elders of Zion
The Ice Queen
A New Witness for God (Volume 1 of 3)
The Golden Gems of Life; Or, Gathered Jewels for the Home Circle
The Grand Cham's Diamond: A Play in One Act
Mezzotints in modern music: $b Brahms, Tschaïkowsky, Chopin, Richard Strauss, Liszt and Wagner
The Stark Munro Letters: Being series of twelve letters written by J. Stark Munro, M.B., to his friend and former fellow-student, Herbert Swanborough, of Lowell, Massachusetts, during the years 1881-1884
The Ways of Men
Nada the Lily
The Second Thoughts of an Idle Fellow
Under the Prophet in Utah; the National Menace of a Political Priestcraft
Cleek: the Man of the Forty Faces
The Riddle of the Frozen Flame
The Long Night
The guests of Hercules
Christianity and Ethics: A Handbook of Christian Ethics
The Child-Voice in Singing: Treated from a physiological and a practical standpoint and especially adapted to schools and boy choirs
The Return of Peter Grimm: Novelised From the Play
The Detection of Forgery: A Practical Handbook for the Use of Bankers, Solicitors, Magistrates' Clerks, and All Handling Suspected Documents
Revolutionist's Handbook and Pocket Companion
Jeremiah : Being The Baird Lecture for 1922
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 08
Thomas Jefferson
Muskrat City
Early Illustrated Books: A History of the Decoration and Illustration of Books in the 15th and 16th Centuries
Glimpses into the Abyss
The Sunset Trail
My Own Affairs
Leslie's loyalty
The Apaches of New York
The Wonderful Garden; or, The Three Cs
The Story in Primary Instruction: Sixteen Stories and How to Use Them
The Young Emperor, William II of Germany: A Study in Character Development on a Throne
Original Short Stories — Volume 09
Red Eve
Fair Margaret
Comic History of England
George Washington, Volume I
Side Lights
The Vehement Flame
Empire Builders
The Story of the Other Wise Man
Daybreak: A Story for Girls
The Young Mountaineers: Short Stories
Three Hats: A Farcical Comedy in Three Acts
The Acts of Uniformity: Their Scope and Effect
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 20
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 13
Methods of Destroying Rats
Khaled, A Tale of Arabia
The Second String
Right Living as a Fine Art: A Study of Channing's Symphony as an Outline of the Ideal Life and Character
The Testimony of Tradition
The Ether of Space
Lyre and Lancet: A Story in Scenes
History of the Catholic Church in Paterson, N.J.: with an Account of the Celebration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Establishment of St. John's Church
The Pilgrims' Way from Winchester to Canterbury
Pickett's Gap
The Rosetta Stone
The Evil Eye, Thanatology, and Other Essays
Studies in Greek Scenery, Legend and History: Selected from His Commentary on Pausanias' 'Description of Greece,'
Rasputin and the Russian Revolution
The Queen's Advocate
Lives of alchemystical philosophers: To which is added a bibliography of alchemy and hermetic philosophy
Travels in Western Australia: being a description of the various cities and towns, goldfields, and agricultural districts of that state
Psyche's task : $b A discourse concerning the influence of superstition on the growth of institutions
Jewel: A Chapter in Her Life
The Desired Woman
Philip Dru: Administrator; A Story of Tomorrow, 1920-1935
The Babylonian Story of the Deluge as Told by Assyrian Tablets from Nineveh: The Discovery of the Tablets at Nineveh by Layard, Rassam and Smith
The Strong Arm
The Story of the Other Wise Man
Jewel's Story Book
Rembrandt
The Life and Adventures of Nat Love: Better Known in the Cattle Country as "Deadwood Dick"
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 11: Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Businessmen
Twenty Years of Hus'ling
The Idea of God in Early Religions
'Murphy': A Message to Dog Lovers
The Apple-Tree: The Open Country Books—No. 1
Rosin the Beau
Spencer's Philosophy of Science: The Herbert Spencer Lecture Delivered at the Museum 7 November, 1913
Mal Moulée: A Novel
A Devotee: An Episode in the Life of a Butterfly
Love in a Cloud: A Comedy in Filigree
The four Corners in Japan
The Romance of Book-Collecting
An Epitome of the History of Medicine
Billy Bounce
The Bird Watcher in the Shetlands, with Some Notes on Seals—and Digressions
Scouting for Girls: Adapted from Girl Guiding
Cloud Studies
Roosevelt in the Kansas City Star: War-time Editorials
Where the forest murmurs : $b Nature essays
The Yates Pride: A Romance
Trooper Peter Halket of Mashonaland
Elizabethan Demonology: An Essay in Illustration of the Belief in the Existence of Devils, and the Powers Possessed By Them, as It Was Generally Held during the Period of the Reformation, and the Times Immediately Succeeding; with Special Reference to Shakspere and His Works
The Pronunciation of English Words Derived from the Latin: Society for Pure English Tract 4
The Romance of a Christmas Card
A Honeymoon in Space
The Colonel's Dream
The Adventures of a Three-Guinea Watch
The Buddha: A Drama in Five Acts and Four Interludes
William Pitt and the Great War
Castellinaria, and Other Sicilian Diversions
The Manxman: A Novel - 1895
Alcohol: A Dangerous and Unnecessary Medicine, How and Why: What Medical Writers Say
Naples, Past and Present
Phil-o-rum's Canoe, and Madeleine Vercheres: Two Poems
Mooswa & Others of the Boundaries
The conquest of Rome
Practical Carriage and Wagon Painting: A Treatise on the Painting of Carriages, Wagons and Sleighs, Embracing Full and Explicit Directions for Executing All Kinds of Work, Including Painting Factory Work, Lettering, Scrolling, Ornamenting, Varnishing, etc., with Many Tested Recipes and Formulas
When Men Grew Tall, or The Story of Andrew Jackson
The White Prophet, Volume 2 (of 2)
Tragic Romances: Re-issue of the Shorter Stories of Fiona Macleod; Rearranged, with Additional Tales
Magic and Fetishism
History of Early Steamboat Navigation on the Missouri River, Volume 1 (of 2): Life and Adventures of Joseph La Barge
Wisdom while you wait : $b Being a foretaste of the glories of the 'Insidecompletuar Britanniaware' ...
Press Cuttings
Japan: An Attempt at Interpretation
Dame Care
Latin Literature
Klondyke Nuggets: A Brief Description of the Great Gold Regions in the Northwest
Evelyn Innes
The Covered Wagon
The Haunted House: A True Ghost Story: Being an account of the mysterious manifestations that have taken place in the presence of Esther Cox, the young girl who is possessed of devils, and has become known throughout the entire dominion as the great Amherst mystery
Poets and Dreamers: Studies and translations from the Irish
Philosophy and Religion: Six Lectures Delivered at Cambridge
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great Philosophers, Volume 8
The Boys of Crawford's Basin: The Story of a Mountain Ranch in the Early Days of Colorado
Ave Roma Immortalis, Vol. 1: Studies from the Chronicles of Rome
Grace, Actual and Habitual: A Dogmatic Treatise
Historic Homes of New England
Frauds and Follies of the Fathers: A Review of the Worth of Their Testimony to the Four Gospels
The History of Cuba, vol. 3
The Heath Hover Mystery
Schopenhauer
Bible Studies: Essays on Phallic Worship and Other Curious Rites and Customs
The House With Sixty Closets: A Christmas Story for Young Folks and Old Children
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Ezekiel
He Knew Lincoln, and Other Billy Brown Stories
Rodney
Foster's Complete Hoyle: An Encyclopedia of Games: Including all indoor games played to-day. With suggestions for good play, illustrative hands, and all official laws to date
Seth's Brother's Wife: A Study of Life in the Greater New York
The Red-headed Man
Earthquakes and other earth movements
Mutiny of the Bounty and story of Pitcairn Island, 1790-1894
Music, and Other Poems
The Real Diary of a Real Boy
Light O' the Morning: The Story of an Irish Girl
Blindfolded
The doings of Raffles Haw
Revenge!
Problems of Poverty: An Inquiry into the Industrial Condition of the Poor
A Hilltop on the Marne: Being Letters Written June 3-September 8, 1914
The Wild Olive: A Novel
Dr. Allinson's cookery book, comprising many valuable vegetarian recipes
Jerusalem
You'll git dar in de mornin'
Mary Louise and the Liberty Girls
Second Book of Verse
A Life Sentence: A Novel
Derby Day in the Yukon, and Other Poems of the "Northland"
Froth: A Novel
The Gold Diggings of Cape Horn: A Study of Life in Tierra del Fuego and Patagonia
The Pig Brother, and Other Fables and Stories: A Supplementary Reader for the Fourth School Year
The Expositor's Bible: The Book of Isaiah, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Pride of Jennico: Being a Memoir of Captain Basil Jennico
Great Zimbabwe, Mashonaland, Rhodesia: An account of two years' examination work in 1902-4 on behalf of the government of Rhodesia
From Immigrant to Inventor
Worth his while
The disciple
Original Short Stories — Volume 11
The Virgin of the Sun
Obiter Dicta
Balcony Stories
The Tragedy of the Korosko
Books and Habits, from the Lectures of Lafcadio Hearn
Stories of the Wagner Opera
Nature Mysticism
Sue, A Little Heroine
Etheldreda the Ready: A School Story
The lady of the basement flat
A Child's Garden of Verses
Glimpses of the Past: History of the River St. John, A.D. 1604-1784
Lectures on Russian Literature: Pushkin, Gogol, Turgenef, Tolstoy
Notes on Stable Management in India and the Colonies
Remodeled Farmhouses
The Black Poodle, and Other Tales
Starvecrow Farm
Daniel Boone
Nooks and Corners of Pembrokeshire
Her Benny: A Story of Street Life
The Trail of The Badger: A Story of the Colorado Border Thirty Years Ago
Charles Bradlaugh: a Record of His Life and Work, Volume 2 (of 2): With an Account of his Parliamentary Struggle, Politics and Teachings. Seventh Edition
Frank Armstrong at College
Three Minute Stories
The Laughter of Peterkin: A retelling of old tales of the Celtic Wonderworld
A Garden of Peace: A Medley in Quietude
The White Prophet, Volume 1 (of 2)
The New Spirit: Third Edition
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Havelock Ellis
Wild Animals of North America: Intimate Studies of Big and Little Creatures of the Mammal Kingdom
Working With the Hands: Being a Sequel to "Up from Slavery," Covering the Author's Experiences in Industrial Training at Tuskegee
The medieval Inquisition: A study in religious persecution
Clerk Maxwell's electromagnetic theory
Head-hunters, black, white, and brown
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 08 (of 10)
Fisherman's Luck and Some Other Uncertain Things
ABC's of Science
The Old Peabody Pew: A Christmas Romance of a Country Church
A History of Greek Art: With an Introductory Chapter on Art in Egypt and Mesopotamia
State of the Union Addresses
The Call of the Twentieth Century, an Address to Young Men
Mohammedanism: Lectures on Its Origin, Its Religious and Political Growth, and Its Present State
Love, Life & Work: Being a Book of Opinions Reasonably Good-Natured Concerning How to Attain the Highest Happiness for One's Self with the Least Possible Harm to Others
The Port of Adventure
Human Nature in Politics: Third Edition
Promenades of an Impressionist
The Sword Maker
Rosemary: A Christmas story
Bred in the bone: 1908
Myths & Legends of our New Possessions & Protectorate
Foster's Letter of Marque: A Tale of Old Sydney: 1901
A Cathedral Courtship
A Romantic Young Lady
The Prisoner
A Question of Marriage
The Cabinet Minister: A farce in four acts
Shrewsbury: A Romance
Life of Edward the Black Prince
The Crest of the Continent: A Summer's Ramble in the Rocky Mountains and Beyond
Kensington Palace, the birthplace of the Queen: being an historical guide to the state rooms, pictures and gardens
The Mormon Doctrine of Deity: The Roberts-Van Der Donckt Discussion: To which is added a discourse, Jesus Christ, the revelation of God; also a collection of authoritative Mormon utterances on the being and nature of God
What Is Christian Science?
The Runaway Donkey, and Other Rhymes for Children
Priscilla and Charybdis: A Story of Alternatives
Popular Official Guide to the New York Zoological Park (September 1915): Thirteenth Edition
A History of the British Army, Vol. 2: First Part—to the Close of the Seven Years' War
The Hopi Indians
Biology and Its Makers: With Portraits and Other Illustrations
Pemrose Lorry, Radio Amateur
A guide to the Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine in the city of New York: Fifth Edition
American painting and its tradition : $b as represented by Inness, Wyant, Martin, Homer, La Farge, Whistler, Chase, Alexander, Sargent
The Scapegoat
A Book of Scoundrels
Original Short Stories — Volume 07
The Days Before Yesterday
The Ghost Kings
Inquiries and Opinions
The Strange Case of Cavendish
Zuñi Fetiches: Second Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1880-1881, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1883, pages 3-45
More About Peggy
A Middy of the King: A Romance of the Old British Navy
Briefless Ballads and Legal Lyrics: Second Series
A Captured Santa Claus
Bee Hunting: A Book of Valuable Information for Bee Hunters: Tells How to Line Bees to Trees, Etc.
Ten Years Near the German Frontier: A Retrospect and a Warning
The Incredible Honeymoon
The British Navy Book
Women in Modern Industry
Children in Prison and Other Cruelties of Prison Life
Facts and Fictions of Life
America's Black and White Book: One Hundred Pictured Reasons Why We Are At War
Animal Life and Intelligence
The Story of Jack Ballister's Fortunes: Being the narrative of the adventures of a young gentleman of good family, who was kidnapped in the year 1719 and carried to the plantations of the continent of Virginia, where he fell in with that famous pirate Captain Edward Teach, or Blackbeard; of his escape from the pirates and the rescue of a young lady from out their hands
The Heart of the Alleghanies; or, Western North Carolina
Manx Fairy Tales
Whom God Hath Joined: A Question of Marriage
Historic Ornament, Vol. 2 (of 2): Treatise on decorative art and architectural ornament
Modern Swedish Masterpieces: Short Stories
The man she hated : $b or, Won by strategy
The Birds' Christmas Carol
Benita, an African romance
The Valley of Fear
Australian Legendary Tales: folk-lore of the Noongahburrahs as told to the Piccaninnies
Heroic Romances of Ireland, Translated into English Prose and Verse — Complete
Look Back on Happiness
A Columbus of Space
The School Book of Forestry
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Work
The Religions of India: Handbooks on the History of Religions, Volume 1, Edited by Morris Jastrow
Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad
When Knighthood Was in Flower: or, the Love Story of Charles Brandon and Mary Tudor the King's Sister, and Happening in the Reign of His August Majesty King Henry the Eighth
Quiet Talks on Following the Christ
Dot and the Kangaroo
A Literary History of the English People, from the Origins to the Renaissance
Sir Jagadis Chunder Bose, His Life and Speeches
Mam' Lyddy's Recognition: 1908
On the Vice of Novel Reading.: Being a brief in appeal, pointing out errors of the lower tribunal.
Hildegarde's Holiday: A Story for Girls
The Girl Wanted:  A Book of Friendly Thoughts
Euphorion - Vol. I: Being Studies of the Antique and the Mediaeval in the Renaissance
The King of Gee-Whiz
The Expositor's Bible: The Second Epistle to the Corinthians
The Indians of the Painted Desert Region: Hopis, Navahoes, Wallapais, Havasupais
The Mentor: The Conquest of the Poles, Serial No. 37
Wives of the Prime Ministers, 1844-1906
Jews and Moors in Spain
The boys' life of Edison
Stone Art: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1891-1892, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 47-178.
Fountains Abbey: The story of a mediæval monastery
Women's Work
Junior High School Literature, Book 1
Italian Yesterdays, vol. 1
Over the Border: A Romance
The Millionaire Mystery
Life and destiny
The British Campaign in France and Flanders, 1916
From Whose Bourne
Confessions of a Young Man
The Morris Book, Part 1: A History of Morris Dancing, With a Description of Eleven Dances as Performed by the Morris-Men of England
Elizabeth's Campaign
The Children's Hour, v 5. Stories From Seven Old Favorites
Artist and Public, and Other Essays on Art Subjects
A Canyon Voyage: The Narrative of the Second Powell Expedition down the Green-Colorado River from Wyoming, and the Explorations on Land, in the Years 1871 and 1872
Confessions of a Book-Lover
Turned Adrift
'All's Well!'
A Visit to Java: With an Account of the Founding of Singapore
A Dear Little Girl at School
The monkey that would not kill
The Heart of the New Thought
The Fate of Felix Brand
The Admirable Bashville; Or, Constancy Unrewarded: Being the Novel of Cashel Byron's Profession Done into a Stage Play in Three Acts and in Blank Verse, with a Note on Modern Prize Fighting
Britain for the British
The Clergyman's Hand-book of Law: The Law of Church and Grave
Witch Winnie's Mystery, or The Old Oak Cabinet: The Story of a King's Daughter
Amusement Only
William Hickling Prescott
German philosophy and politics
Lady Penelope
The Thread of Flame
Bill Nye's Chestnuts Old and New
The Love That Prevailed
The Gases of the Atmosphere: The History of Their Discovery
Through Swamp and Glade: A Tale of the Seminole War
Wit, Character, Folklore & Customs of the North Riding of Yorkshire: With a Glossary of over 4,000 Words and Idioms Now in Use
All in a Life-time
The fauna of the deep sea
Jinrikisha days in Japan
Mastery of Self for Wealth, Power, Success
Impressions and Comments
A Little Book of Profitable Tales
The Grafters
Love affairs of the Courts of Europe
A Texas Matchmaker
Reading Made Easy for Foreigners - Third Reader
President Wilson's Addresses
The Navy as a Fighting Machine
The Master of Appleby: A Novel Tale Concerning Itself in Part with the Great Struggle in the Two Carolinas; but Chiefly with the Adventures Therein of Two Gentlemen Who Loved One and the Same Lady
Platform Monologues
Danger Signals: Remarkable, Exciting and Unique Examples of the Bravery, Daring and Stoicism in the Midst of Danger of Train Dispatchers and Railroad Engineers
Old Fogy: His Musical Opinions and Grotesques
Capt'n Davy's Honeymoon
Morals of Economic Internationalism
Only one love : $b or, Who was the heir
John Patrick, Third Marquess of Bute, K.T. (1847-1900), a Memoir
The Warden of the Plains, and Other Stories of Life in the Canadian North-west
The Life of Florence Nightingale, vol. 2 of 2
Scouting with Kit Carson
A Son of Perdition: An Occult Romance
Toto's Merry Winter
The San Rosario Ranch
The Five Knots
Jack Ballington, Forester
The Way Out
The Inner Flame: A Novel
How to Become a Successful Singer
Cambridge Papers
Lincoln & other poems
North Italian Folk: Sketches of Town and Country Life
Oliver Cromwell
The instinct of workmanship, and the state of industrial arts
A constitutional league of peace in the stone age of America : $b The League of the Iroquois and its constitution
Beginners' botany
Memories and Portraits
Phyllis of Philistia
A Tale of Three Lions
The Land of the Changing Sun
Children's Edition of Touching Incidents and Remarkable Answers to Prayer
Modern Painting
Essays in War-Time: Further Studies in the Task of Social Hygiene
Cuba, Old and New
The Great Shadow and Other Napoleonic Tales
Public Lands and Agrarian Laws of the Roman Republic
The Curly-Haired Hen
A Pirate of the Caribbees
Paul Patoff
About Peggy Saville
The Tinted Venus: A Farcical Romance
Studies of American Fungi. Mushrooms, Edible, Poisonous, etc.
Every Girl's Book
Third biennial report of the Oregon State Highway Commission : $b covering the period December 1st, 1916 to November 30th, 1918
The Little Princess of Tower Hill
Norman Macleod
Early Renaissance Architecture in England: A Historical & Descriptive Account of the Tudor, Elizabethan, & Jacobean Periods, 1500-1625
The End of the Middle Ages: Essays and Questions in History
Sailing
An Essay on Colophons, with Specimens and Translations
The early life of Abraham Lincoln:: containing many unpublished documents and unpublished reminiscences of Lincoln's early friends
Armenia and Her People; or, The Story of Armenia by an Armenian
All in the Day's Work: An Autobiography
Heart of the World
Imre: A Memorandum
Mårbacka
Boy: A Sketch
The romance of insect life : $b Interesting descriptions of the strange and curious in the insect world
Java : $b The garden of the East
The Whirlpool
Ziska: The Problem of a Wicked Soul
Keith of the Border: A Tale of the Plains
Three Frenchmen in Bengal: The Commercial Ruin of the French Settlements in 1757
Don Orsino
Light on the Path and Through the Gates of Gold
Esperanto: Hearings before the Committee on Education
The Honorable Senator Sage-Brush
Contes et légendes. 1re Partie
A Sweet Little Maid
My Friend Smith: A Story of School and City Life
The Log of the Flying Fish: A Story of Aerial and Submarine Peril and Adventure
The Birds' Christmas Carol
The Ebbing Of The Tide: South Sea Stories - 1896
Historical Introductions to the Symbolical Books of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
Ave Roma Immortalis, Vol. 2: Studies from the Chronicles of Rome
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 02
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 14
Miss Muffet's Christmas Party
Maximina
Colonial Homes and Their Furnishings
In Search of a Son
The Datchet Diamonds
Talks on the study of literature.
The Royal Observatory, Greenwich: A Glance at Its History and Work
Charles Bradlaugh: a Record of His Life and Work, Volume 1 (of 2): With an Account of his Parliamentary Struggle, Politics and Teachings. Seventh Edition
Paris and Its Story
New Ideas for American Boys; The Jack of All Trades
The Mystical Element of Religion, as studied in Saint Catherine of Genoa and her friends, Volume 1 (of 2)
Our Sentimental Garden
According to Plato
Dinners and Diners: Where and How to Dine in London
Lady Jim of Curzon Street: A Novel
How to Succeed in the Christian Life
Spanish and Indian place names of California: Their Meaning and Their Romance
The Century World's Fair Book for Boys and Girls: Being the Adventures of Harry and Philip with Their Tutor, Mr. Douglass, at the World's Columbian Exposition
English printers' ornaments
The history of the Jews
The black border : $b Gullah stories of the Carolina coast (with a glossary)
Cairo to Kisumu : $b Egypt—The Sudan—Kenya Colony
The Village Watch-Tower
A Florentine Tragedy; La Sainte Courtisane
Twilight Land
Great Catherine (Whom Glory Still Adores)
Swallow: A Tale of the Great Trek
The Treasure
The Valley of Vision : A Book of Romance and Some Half-Told Tales
The Duke of Stockbridge: A Romance of Shays' Rebellion
The Green Flag, and Other Stories of War and Sport
The Splendid Idle Forties: Stories of Old California
Quiet Talks about Jesus
Civics: as Applied Sociology
The Frontiersmen
Deadwood Dick, the Prince of the Road; or, The Black Rider of the Black Hills
The Quest of the Simple Life
Chopin and Other Musical Essays
Tom, Dick and Harry
The Congo Rovers: A Story of the Slave Squadron
Second Book of Tales
Mary Louise in the Country
Quiet Talks on the Crowned Christ of Revelation
The Production of Vinegar from Honey
A Black Adonis
The Copper Princess: A Story of Lake Superior Mines
Under the Ensign of the Rising Sun: A Story of the Russo-Japanese War
The Invader: A Novel
The Side Of The Angels: A Novel
The Story of a New York House
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 24
The Harwich Naval Forces: Their Part in the Great War
Cacao Culture in the Philippines
Hildegarde's Home
The Word Hoosier; John Finley: Indiana Historical Society Publications, Volume IV, Number 2
Teaching the Child Patriotism
The Zankiwank and The Bletherwitch: An Original Fantastic Fairy Extravaganza
The Complete Works of Nathaniel Hawthorne, Appendix to Volume XII: Tales, Sketches, and other Papers by Nathaniel Hawthorne with a Biographical Sketch by George Parsons Lathrop: Biographical Sketch of Nathaniel Hawthorne
Portrait Miniatures
Guy Kenmore's Wife, and The Rose and the Lily
Coyotes in Their Economic Relations
Tekla: A Romance of Love and War
Outlines of Ecclesiastical History
Monica: A Novel, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Black Lion Inn
The South African Question
Makar's Dream, and Other Stories
The honey bee: a manual of instruction in apiculture
Queen Sheba's Ring
The Euahlayi Tribe: A Study of Aboriginal Life in Australia
Greifenstein
In the Midst of Alarms
Principal Cairns
Twelve Studies on the Making of a Nation: The Beginnings of Israel's History
A Tale of a Lonely Parish
Constructive Imperialism
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 04: Little Journeys to the Homes of Eminent Painters
My Lady of Doubt
Cerberus, the dog of Hades: The history of an idea
Secret History Revealed By Lady Peggy O'Malley
The Young Alaskans
A Child's Garden of Verses
The Jucklins: A Novel
A Veldt Vendetta
The Ifs of History
A Poached Peerage
The Golden Galleon: Being a Narrative of the Adventures of Master Gilbert Oglander, and of how, in the Year 1591, he fought under the gallant Sir Richard Grenville in the Great Sea-fight off Flores, on board her Majesty's Ship the Revenge
The Threatening Eye
The Rise of Rail-Power in War and Conquest, 1833-1914
Gardens of the Caribbees, v. 1/2: Sketches of a Cruise to the West Indies and the Spanish Main
Richard Wagner His Life and His Dramas: A  Biographical Study of the Man and an Explanation of His Work
The Helpers
The Relief of Chitral
The Science of the Stars
Well, After All--
The Three Fates
America and the World War
The Horse in America: A practical treatise on the various types common in the United States, with something of their history and varying characteristics
Boat Sailing in Fair Weather and Foul, 6th ed.
Apparitions and thought-transference: an examination of the evidence for telepathy
The Animal Parasites of Man
The Sahara
When Wilderness was King: A Tale of the Illinois Country
The Dardanelles campaign
American ideals, and other essays, social and political
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 01 (of 10)
Little sweetheart : $b or, Norman De Vere's protegee
Dream Days
When the World Shook: Being an Account of the Great Adventure of Bastin, Bickley and Arbuthnot
The Inca of Perusalem: An Almost Historical Comedietta
Power Through Repose
Judaism
Behind the Bungalow
In a steamer chair, and other shipboard stories
Legends of the Middle Ages: Narrated with Special Reference to Literature and Art
Regeneration: Being an Account of the Social Work of The Salvation Army in Great Britain
The Old Franciscan Missions Of California
Invisible Links
Ladysmith: The Diary of a Siege
The Motor Maid
The Laws of Euchre: As adopted by the Somerset Club of Boston, March 1, 1888
The Fortunes of the Farrells
The Bishop of Cottontown: A Story of the Southern Cotton Mills
Rídan the Devil, and Other Stories: 1899
Melomaniacs
Rationalism
Bill Nye's Cordwood
Rowing
Dr. John McLoughlin, the Father of Oregon
A Book About the Theater
The Empty Sack
Defenseless America
The Girls of St. Wode's
The Library of Work and Play: Home Decoration
Christianity and Problems of To-day: Lectures Delivered Before Lake Forest College on the Foundation of the Late William Bross
Joan of Arc
A Modern Aladdin; or, The Wonderful Adventures of Oliver Munier: An Extravaganza in Four Acts
Bee Keeping
Frank Armstrong, Drop Kicker
The ancient Egyptian doctrine of the immortality of the soul
"My Visit to Tolstoy": Five Discourses
Mungo Park and the Niger
The Murder of Delicia
Footprints of Abraham Lincoln: Presenting many interesting facts, reminiscences and illustrations never before published
The Rising Tide
The Vanishing of Tera
The Dickens Country
The Amethyst Cross
How to Master the Spoken Word: Designed as a Self-Instructor for all who would Excel in the Art of Public Speaking
The Beginnings of Poetry
The Young Diana: An Experiment of the Future
The unconscious : $b The fundamentals of human personality, normal and abnormal
Einstein, the searcher : $b his work explained from dialogues with Einstein
The Cost of Kindness
Under the red robe
Beatrice
Deductive Logic
A Writer's Recollections — Volume 2
Sonny, a Christmas Guest
Mr. Meeson's Will
Popular Law-making: A study of the origin, history, and present tendencies of law-making by statute
Havelok the Dane: A Legend of Old Grimsby and Lincoln
The Princess Passes
Crime and Its Causes
French Art: Classic and Contemporary Painting and Sculpture
The White Sister
Daddy Do-Funny's Wisdom Jingles
Pirate Gold
The Lion's Brood
Jersey Street and Jersey Lane: Urban and Suburban Sketches
John Corwell, Sailor and Miner; and, Poisonous Fish: 1901
1914
A Tramp's Notebook
Essentials of Diseases of the Skin: Including the Syphilodermata Arranged in the Form of Questions and Answers Prepared Especially for Students of Medicine
Journal of a Visit to Constantinople and Some of the Greek Islands in the Spring and Summer of 1833
Froebel's Gifts
Limbo, and Other Essays; To which is now added Ariadne in Mantua
Victorian Literature: Sixty Years of Books and Bookmen
The Modern American Pistol and Revolver
A Dear Little Girl's Summer Holidays
The Solomon Islands and Their Natives
Indoor and Outdoor Recreations for Girls
The Principles of Stratigraphical Geology
Western Bird Guide: Birds of the Rockies and West to the Pacific
The Non-religion of the Future: A Sociological Study
The Prude's Progress: A Comedy in Three Acts
Grasses : $b A handbook for use in the field and laboratory
Pedal and Path: Across the Continent Awheel and Afoot
The Lighter Side of English Life
The Prodigal Son
Sunshine and Storm in Rhodesia: Being a Narrative of Events in Matabeleland Both Before and During the Recent Native Insurrection Up to the Date of the Disbandment of the Bulawayo Field Force
Ward Hill, the Senior
The Philosophy of Auguste Comte
New Witnesses for God (Volume 3 of 3)
The Principles of Ornament
Welsh Rarebit Tales
My "Little Bit"
The shadow between them; $b or, A blighted name
Archeology of the lower Mimbres valley, New Mexico
The Holy Land and Syria
Astronomy in a nutshell : $b The chief facts and principles explained in popular language for the general reader and for schools
The meaning of pictures : $b Six lectures given for Columbia University at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Moral Emblems
Dreams
The Elements of Geology
A Brief History of the United States
A Visit to Three Fronts: June 1916
Dogs and All about Them
Cactus Culture for Amateurs: Being Descriptions of the Various Cactuses Grown in This Country, With Full and Practical Instructions for Their Successful Cultivation
A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents. Section 2 (of 2) of Supplemental Volume: Theodore Roosevelt, Supplement
The Reconstructed School
The Pot of Gold, and Other Stories
Kate Carnegie and Those Ministers
Under the Chilian Flag: A Tale of War between Chili and Peru
The Ape, the Idiot & Other People
Country Neighbors
Fernley House
Peggy
Tommy Trot's Visit to Santa Claus
Twinkle and Chubbins: Their Astonishing Adventures in Nature-Fairyland
Brooke's Daughter: A Novel
The Log of a Sea-Waif: Being Recollections of the First Four Years of My Sea Life
Indian Scout Talks: A Guide for Boy Scouts and Camp Fire Girls
Our Philadelphia
Our Journey to the Hebrides
Blazing the Way; Or, True Stories, Songs and Sketches of Puget Sound
To Geyserland: Union Pacific-Oregon Short Line Railroads to the Yellowstone National Park
Sebastian Bach
The spell of the heart of France: the towns, villages and châteaux about Paris
Judge Elbridge
Outlines of Zuñi Creation Myths: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1891-1892, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 321-448
Gloria Mundi
The Last Egyptian: A Romance of the Nile
The Life of a Fossil Hunter
The Sermon on the Mount: A Practical Exposition
It Was Marlowe: A Story of the Secret of Three Centuries
Life of J. E. B. Stuart
Perch of the Devil
The philosophy of Elbert Hubbard
William Pitt and national revival
The Case of the Pocket Diary Found in the Snow
Pearl-Maiden: A Tale of the Fall of Jerusalem
The Minds and Manners of Wild Animals: A Book of Personal Observations
A Ride to India across Persia and Baluchistán
The House of the Combrays
Epic and Romance: Essays on Medieval Literature
Reginald Cruden: A Tale of City Life
The Long Hillside: A Christmas Hare-Hunt In Old Virginia; 1908
Practical Ethics
The Crack of Doom
With Hoops of Steel
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 07
Belcaro; Being Essays on Sundry Aesthetical Questions
Allan Ramsay
Francis Beaumont: Dramatist: A Portrait, with Some Account of His Circle, Elizabethan and Jacobean,; And of His Association with John Fletcher
The Headswoman
On Canada's Frontier: Sketches of History, Sport, and Adventure and of the Indians, Missionaries, Fur-traders, and Newer Settlers of Western Canada
The World Masters
A System of Easy Lettering
Ladies on Horseback: Learning, Park-riding, and Hunting, with Hints Upon Costume, and Numerous Anecdotes
Abraham Lincoln
Around the Yule Log
Wanderings in Patagonia; Or, Life Among the Ostrich-Hunters
William Harvey
Painted Veils
African Nature Notes and Reminiscences
The Marryers: A History Gathered from a Brief of the Honorable Socrates Potter
Alaska, Its Southern Coast and the Sitkan Archipelago
Psychology: an elementary text-book
The Arts and Crafts of Ancient Egypt
Wayfaring Men: A Novel
The Doom of London
All About Your Canary
Essays in Idleness
The life of Pasteur
A Tale of Brittany (Mon frère Yves)
Suspense: A Napoleonic Novel
American literary masters
The holy war "made in Germany"
The windfairies, and other tales
The gray wolf's daughter
Rinkitink in Oz: Wherein Is Recorded the Perilous Quest of Prince Inga of Pingaree and King Rinkitink in the Magical Isles That Lie Beyond the Borderland of Oz
The Wizard
Sky Island: Being the further exciting adventures of Trot and Cap'n Bill after their visit to the sea fairies
Stella Fregelius: A Tale of Three Destinies
Memoirs of My Dead Life
Two Thousand Miles on an Automobile: Being a Desultory Narrative of a Trip Through New England, New York, Canada, and the West, By "Chauffeur"
George Washington, Volume II
Mount Music
Fray Luis de León: A Biographical Fragment
The Meaning of the War: Life & Matter in Conflict
Before the War
The Price
An Inquiry into the Nature of Peace and the Terms of Its Perpetuation
An Outcast; Or, Virtue and Faith
Harry Escombe: A Tale of Adventure in Peru
The Essentials of Spirituality
Cab and Caboose: The Story of a Railroad Boy
Gulmore, the Boss
The Man Next Door
The Life of Gordon, Volume I
The Colonial Architecture of Philadelphia
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 05
Renshaw Fanning's Quest: A Tale of the High Veldt
Poems of Emile Verhaeren
Some Experiences of an Irish R.M.
War
The World and Its People, Book VII: Views in Africa
The Fourth Estate, vol. 1
The Cruise of the 'Alerte': The narrative of a search for treasure on the desert island of Trinidad
Aspects of Modern Oxford, by a Mere Don
Anarchy
The Real Jesus of the Four Gospels
Joseph Pennell's Pictures in the Land of Temples: Reproductions of a Series of Lithographs Made by Him in the Land of Temples, March-June 1913, Together with Impressions and Notes by the Artist.
American Forest Trees
Esther's Charge: A Story for Girls
The Stories of El Dorado
A Clerk of Oxford, and His Adventures in the Barons' War
A Hand-book to the Primates,  Volume 2 (of 2)
The Prodigal Village: A Christmas Tale
The Snakes of Europe
Days in the Open
As Others Saw Him: A Retrospect, A.D. 54
Afloat (Sur l'eau)
Women in English Life from Mediæval to Modern Times, Vol. I
My Pretty Maid; or, Liane Lester
The Martyrdom of Belgium: Official Report of Massacres of Peaceable Citizens, Women and Children by The German Army
The Mutable Many: A Novel
The Indian Bangle
Steve Brown's Bunyip, and Other Stories
Elementary Botany
The orchestra and orchestral music
Through Bosnia and the Herzegóvina on foot during the insurrection, August and September 1875
Ácoma, the sky city : $b A study in Pueblo-Indian history and civilization
The cinnamon heart : $b A mediæval candy scrape in 3 acts
The Burial of the Guns
Original Short Stories — Volume 05
On Being Human
The Story Hour: A Book for the Home and the Kindergarten
Celibates
Shop Management
Through Central Borneo; an Account of Two Years' Travel in the Land of Head-Hunters Between the Years 1913 and 1917
A Fool for Love
Helbeck of Bannisdale — Volume II
Essays in Rebellion
Milly and Olly
King Alfred's Viking: A Story of the First English Fleet
Pepper & Salt; or, Seasoning for Young Folk
Contribution to Passamaquoddy Folk-Lore
The Loves of Great Composers
The Butterfly House
Under the Great Bear
Marriage à la mode
The Blindman's World: 1898
My friend the murderer
Kiddie the Scout
Graham of Claverhouse
Flowers of Freethought (Second Series)
Cecilia: A Story of Modern Rome
A Guest at the Ludlow, and Other Stories
A Frontier Mystery
Terry's Trials and Triumphs
The Woman Who Vowed (The Demetrian)
A New Sensation
The New Stone Age in Northern Europe
The Conquest: The True Story of Lewis and Clark
Billy Whiskers' Travels
A Dreadful Temptation; or, A Young Wife's Ambition
Invention: The Master-key to Progress
The Problem of Truth
Turkey; the Awakening of Turkey; the Turkish Revolution of 1908
Tommy Smith's Animals
A daughter of Jehu
Canoemates: A Story of the Florida Reef and Everglades
The Origin of Metallic Currency and Weight Standards
Sree Krishna, the Lord of Love
Good hunting; in pursuit of big game in the West
Worlds in the making: The evolution of the universe
Frederick Douglass
Colonial dames and good wives
The history of our Navy from its origin to the present day, 1775-1897, vol. 2 (of 4)
A first book in organic evolution
A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa
The Mansion
Maiwa's Revenge; Or, The War of the Little Hand
Maurine and Other Poems
The Coryston Family: A Novel
The Charm of Oxford
A Heroine of France: The Story of Joan of Arc
The Mississippi Bubble: How the Star of Good Fortune Rose and Set and Rose Again, by a Woman's Grace, for One John Law of Lauriston
The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Volume 2
Giles Corey, Yeoman: A Play
Dixie Hart
The 'Mind the Paint' Girl: A Comedy in Four Acts
The New York and Albany Post Road: From Kings Bridge to "The Ferry at Crawlier, over against Albany," Being an Account of a Jaunt on Foot Made at Sundry Convenient Times between May and November, Nineteen Hundred and Five
The Beginning of the Sea Story of Australia: 1901
The Renewal of Life; How and When to Tell the Story to the Young
The Children's Book of Celebrated Pictures
The Eighteenth Century in English Caricature
The Brass Bottle
The Little Book of the Flag
The Angel of the Gila: A Tale of Arizona
Our House and London out of Our Windows
The Queen Bee, and Other Nature Stories
The Diary of a Saint
Bacteria in Daily Life
Mothwise
Clown, the Circus Dog
The Abandoned Farmer
Manual of Oriental Antiquities
Ten years' digging in Egypt, 1881-1891
Defense of the Faith and the Saints (Volume 2 of 2)
The Art of Living
Italian Yesterdays, vol. 2
The Girl from Malta
The History of Mary I, Queen of England: as found in the public records, despatches of ambassadors, in original private letters, and other contemporary documents
He Knew Lincoln
Roma beata; letters from the Eternal city
The Enchanted Burro: And Other Stories as I Have Known Them from Maine to Chile and California
The Joss: A Reversion
Six Years with the Texas Rangers, 1875 to 1881
Nancy first and last
The history of our Navy from its origin to the present day, 1775-1897, vol. 1 (of 4)
The history of our Navy from its origin to the present day, 1775-1897, vol. 3 (of 4)
The spider's web
A private chivalry : $b a novel
The Dumpling : $b A detective love story of a great labour rising
Rose o' the River
Penelope's English Experiences: Being Extracts from the Commonplace Book of Penelope Hamilton
Tea-Table Talk
Why we are at war : $b messages to the Congress, January to April 1917
A Phantom Lover
Thoroughbreds
Stolen Treasure
The Marriage of William Ashe
Aunt Jane's Nieces in the Red Cross
Fighting Instructions, 1530-1816: Publications of the Navy Records Society Vol. XXIX.
Shakespeare and the Modern Stage; with Other Essays
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 12: Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Scientists
The Master of the Shell
A Middy in Command: A Tale of the Slave Squadron
How to Become Rich: A Treatise on Phrenology, Choice of Professions and Matrimony
A Memory of the Southern Seas: 1904
The Flag
Montezuma's Castle, and Other Weird Tales
Eneas Africanus
The Mystery of Francis Bacon
The Pros and Cons of Vivisection
Rocky Mountain Boys; Or, Camping in the Big Game Country
Sir Thomas Urquhart of Cromartie, Knight
The man in black
American grape training : $b An account of the leading forms now in use of training the American grapes
Tom Wallis: A Tale of the South Seas
The works of Francis Maitland Balfour, Volume 1 (of 4) : $b Separate memoirs
Secret Service: Being the Happenings of a Night in Richmond in the Spring of 1865
The Pioneer Boys of the Ohio; or, Clearing the Wilderness
The Mentor: Angels in Art, Vol. 1, Num. 40
The Historical Jesus: A Survey of Positions
A Prisoner of the Khaleefa: Twelve Years Captivity at Omdurman
The Gourmet's Guide to London
The Story of Paul Jones: An Historical Romance
Half-A-Dozen Housekeepers: A Story for Girls in Half-A-Dozen Chapters
New Ideas for Work and Play: What a Girl Can Make and Do
Saturday Night Thoughts: A Series of Dissertations on Spiritual, Historical, and Philosophic Themes
Debs: His Life, Writings and Speeches, with a Department of Appreciations
In an Unknown Prison Land: An account of convicts and colonists in New Caledonia with jottings out and home
James Clerk Maxwell and Modern Physics
The Sunny Side of the Street
A Square Deal
Silver Rags
Life and Adventures of Calamity Jane
Damaged Goods: The great play "Les avariés" by Brieux, novelized with the approval of the author
Some Reminiscences
We Two: A Novel
Poems of Progress and New Thought Pastels
A Duet, with an Occasional Chorus
A Handbook of Ethical Theory
Prisoner for Blasphemy
Jennie Baxter, Journalist
Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John
The White Morning: A Novel of the Power of the German Women in Wartime
Gordon Keith
The Spirit of Christmas
The Sad Shepherd: A Christmas Story
The Works of Guy de Maupassant, Volume VIII.
The raid of the guerilla: 1911
A Venetian June
Margaret Montfort
Lord Milner's Work in South Africa: From its Commencement in 1897 to the Peace of Vereeniging in 1902
Dolly Reforming Herself: A Comedy in Four Acts
Romance of Roman Villas (The Renaissance)
Nan of Music Mountain
The Unknown Quantity: A Book of Romance and Some Half-Told Tales
Scouting with Daniel Boone
Women of America: Woman: In all ages and in all countries Vol. 10 (of 10)
Leighton
The Book of God : In the Light of the Higher Criticism: With Special Reference to Dean Farrar's New Apology
Ole Bull: A Memoir
Jill: A Flower Girl
The Pioneer Boys on the Great Lakes; or, On the Trail of the Iroquois
The Story of a Country Town
The Story of a Hare
Northern Georgia Sketches
A History of Inland Transport and Communication in England
The Sword of Gideon
The Orchid
Kittyboy's Christmas
Ben o' Bill's, the Luddite: A Yorkshire Tale
Olga Romanoff
A Child's Guide to Pictures
Sappho
Johnny Blossom
The Magnetic Girl
Joan, the Curate
Overtones, a book of temperaments : $b Richard Strauss, Parsifal, Verdi, Balzac, Flaubert, Nietzsche, and Turgénieff
The romance of the animal world : $b Interesting descriptions of the strange & curious in natural history
A prince of lovers : $b A romance
John Jacob Astor
Penelope's Experiences in Scotland: Being Extracts from the Commonplace Book of Penelope Hamilton
The Wanderer's Necklace
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville
The Whence and the Whither of Man: A Brief History of His Origin and Development through Conformity to Environment; Being the Morse Lectures of 1895
"Forward, March": A Tale of the Spanish-American War
Custer, and Other Poems.
For Treasure Bound
More about Pixie
The Pirate Slaver: A Story of the West African Coast
The Spectre In The Cart: 1908
Tom Gerrard
The Justice of the King
The Arbiter: A Novel
The Tapu of Banderah: 1901
The Voyage of the Aurora
Perugino
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 11
The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte. Vol. 2 (of 4)
In the Days of Queen Victoria
Rick Dale, A Story of the Northwest Coast
A Girl in Spring-Time
The Expositor's Bible: The Books of Chronicles
A Rose of Yesterday
The Winter Solstice Altars at Hano Pueblo
Justin Wingate, Ranchman
Ethnological results of the Point Barrow expedition: Ninth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1887-1888, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1892, pages 3-442
The Diatomaceæ of Philadelphia and Vicinity
Talbot's Angles
The Historical Child: Paidology; The Science of the Child
Mam' Linda
Taxidermy without a Teacher: Comprising a Complete Manual of Instruction for Preparing and Preserving Birds, Animals and Fishes
A Dream of the North Sea
A handbook of invalid cooking : $b for the use of nurses in training, nurses in private practice, and others who care for the sick
The Life and Times of Alfred the Great: Being the Ford lectures for 1901
The Seventy's Course in Theology, First Year: Outline History of the Seventy and A Survey of the Books of Holy Scripture
Greek Lands and Letters
Round the year with the stars: The chief beauties of the starry heavens as seen with the naked eye
The star dreamer: A romance
New Forces in Old China: An Inevitable Awakening
The Master of Mrs. Chilvers: An Improbable Comedy
Dr. Heidenhoff's Process
Captain January
Marcella
The Development of the Feeling for Nature in the Middle Ages and Modern Times
Life of Robert Browning
Count Hannibal: A Romance of the Court of France
The Animals' Rebellion
Prisoners of Chance: The Story of What Befell Geoffrey Benteen, Borderman, through His Love for a Lady of France
Socialism and Modern Science (Darwin, Spencer, Marx)
The Second Latchkey
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 10: Little Journeys To The Homes Of Great Teachers
Quiet Talks on Power
Boycotted, and Other Stories
Flaming June
The Bibliotaph, and Other People
Synopsis of Some Genera of the Large Pyrenomycetes: Camillea, Thamnomyces, Engleromyces
A Manual of Pronunciation: For Practical Use in Schools and Families
The Bishop's Secret
The moonshiners at Hoho-hebee Falls: 1895
Flamsted quarries
In our first year of war : $b messages and addresses to the Congress and the people, March 5, 1917, to January 8, 1918
The Opal Serpent
Rita
The Flemmings and "Flash Harry" of Savait: From "The Strange Adventure of James Shervinton, and Other Stories" - 1902
"The Gallant, Good Riou", and Jack Renton: 1901
Woman on Her Own, False Gods and The Red Robe: Three Plays By Brieux
William Penn
Men, Women, and Gods; and Other Lectures
A Prince of Good Fellows
A Romance in Transit
A Sister's Love: A Novel
Erlach Court
The Ruby Sword: A Romance of Baluchistan
Fifty Years of Golf
Maid of the Mist
The New Rector
Stories of Useful Inventions
Wild Heather
How to Master the English Bible: An Experience, a Method, a Result, an Illustration
The Mormon Battalion, Its History and Achievements
Antiquities of the Mesa Verde National Park: Cliff Palace
How Music Developed: A Critical and Explanatory Account of the Growth of Modern Music
Kathleen's Diamonds; or, She Loved a Handsome Actor
Wild Margaret
The Story of Joan of Arc the Witch-Saint
Climbing on the Himalaya and Other Mountain Ranges
Very woman (Sixtine) : $b a cerebral novel
A Book of Burlesque: Sketches of English Stage Travestie and Parody
The Mentor: Game Animals of America, Vol. 4, Num. 13, Serial No. 113, August 15, 1916
The Mentor: The Cradle of Liberty, Vol. 6, Num. 10, Serial No. 158, July 1, 1918
Pole Baker: A Novel
Truthful Jane
Confessions of the Czarina
The History of Saint Augustine, Florida
An Eye for an Eye: Big Blue Book no. B-24
The Early Oxford Press: A Bibliography of Printing and Publishing at Oxford, '1468'-1640; With Notes, Appendixes and Illustrations
A Hardy Norseman
The Island of Fantasy: A Romance
Napoleon: A Sketch of His Life, Character, Struggles, and Achievements
Jack's Two Sovereigns
An Old City Company: A Sketch of the History and Conditions of the Skinners' Company of London
The Vanished Pomps of Yesterday: Being Some Random Reminiscences of a British Diplomat
The Undesirable Governess
Twenty Years of My Life
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 02 (of 10)
The way of the spirit
Howard Pyle's Book of Pirates: Fiction, Fact & Fancy Concerning the Buccaneers & Marooners of the Spanish Main
Long Odds
Elissa; Or, The Doom of Zimbabwe
Original Short Stories — Volume 06
Eve's Ransom
A Trip to Manitoba
Morien: A Metrical Romance Rendered into English Prose from the Mediæval Dutch
Collections and Recollections
Primitive Love and Love-Stories
The Taming of Red Butte Western
The Wharf by the Docks: A Novel
Cave Regions of the Ozarks and Black Hills
The Old Flute-Player: A Romance of To-day
A Ball Player's Career: Being the Personal Experiences and Reminiscensces of Adrian C. Anson
Golden Stars, and Other Verses Following "The Red Flower"
Peggy in Her Blue Frock
On the Stairs
'way down in Lonesome Cove: 1895
Tales of Fantasy and Fact
Under the Rebel's Reign
The Brothers-In-Law: A Tale of the Equatorial Islands; and The Brass Gun of the Buccaneers: 1901
Indian Child Life
Two Little Confederates
Hortus Vitae: Essays on the Gardening of Life
On the Equator
The Riddle of the Spinning Wheel
The Wish: A Novel
The Hazeley Family
The Solitary Farm
Sergeant Silk, the Prairie Scout
Boris Lensky
Chapters of Bible Study: A Popular Introduction to the Study of the Sacred Scriptures
The Brass Bottle: A Farcical Fantastic Play in Four Acts
The Feasts of Autolycus: The Diary of a Greedy Woman
The Gold Kloof
Rejected of Men: A Story of To-day
Balzac
William Sharp (Fiona Macleod): A Memoir Compiled by His Wife Elizabeth A. Sharp
Notes on Bookbinding for Libraries
Twilight Land
The Hand-Made Gentleman: A Tale of the Battles of Peace
"My country, 'tis of thee!": Or, the United States of America; past, present and future. A philosophic view of American history and of our present status, to be seen in the Columbian exhibition.
The Turning of Griggsby: Being a Story of Keeping up with Dan'l Webster
What to Eat, How to Serve it
A Chicago Princess
Eben Holden's Last Day A-Fishing
What the White Race May Learn from the Indian
The Gentle Art of Faking: A history of the methods of producing imitations & spurious works of art from  the earliest times up to the present day
Isabel Clarendon, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Isabel Clarendon, Vol. 2 (of 2)
The Benefit of the Doubt; a Comedy in Three Acts
The Destinies of the Stars
Breaking the Wilderness: The Story of the Conquest of the Far West, From the Wanderings of Cabeza de Vaca, to the First Descent of the Colorado by Powell, and the Completion of the Union Pacific Railway, With Particular Account of the Exploits of Trappers and Traders
A Short History of the Royal Navy, 1217-1815. Volume II, 1689-1815
In the Dozy Hours, and Other Papers
Bookplates
An Irish Crazy-Quilt: Smiles and tears, woven into song and story
Coco Bolo: King of the Floating Islands
Miss America; pen and camera sketches of the American girl
The Alósaka cult of the Hopi Indians
A memoir of Sir John Drummond Hay, P.C., K.C.B., G.C.M.G., sometime minister at the court of Morrocco
The Soul of Nicholas Snyders; Or, The Miser of Zandam
The Case of the Registered Letter
Shorter Prose Pieces
All Roads Lead to Calvary
The Quaker Colonies: A Chronicle of the Proprietors of the Delaware
The Children's Pilgrimage
The Moon Metal
The Heavenly Twins
What Dreams May Come
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: In Mizzoura
Lady Connie
Around the World on a Bicycle - Volume II: From Teheran To Yokohama
Bob Hampton of Placer
When Wilderness Was King: A Tale of the Illinois Country
The Story of the Innumerable Company, and Other Sketches
An Arkansas Planter
Captain Jinks, Hero
History of Dogma, Volume 2
The Castaways
The Sheriffs Bluff: 1908
Old Jabe's Marital Experiments: 1908
Yorke The Adventurer
"Chinkie's Flat": 1904
Robert Toombs: Statesman, Speaker, Soldier, Sage
The Beth Book: Being a Study of the Life of Elizabeth Caldwell Maclure, a Woman of Genius
The Transfiguration of Miss Philura
A Dear Little Girl's Thanksgiving Holidays
Young Barbarians
Flowers of Freethought (First Series)
Bible Romances, First Series
The Holy Earth
The Cat and Fiddle Book: Eight Dramatised Nursery Rhymes for Nursery Performers
The Man from Archangel, and Other Tales of Adventure
The Mansion
A Sweet Girl Graduate
Lord Lyons: A Record of British Diplomacy, Vol. 1 of 2
Cremorne and the later London gardens
From a Swedish Homestead
Pomander Walk
Common Minerals and Rocks
Red Rock: A Chronicle of Reconstruction
Third Reader: The Alexandra Readers
The kiss and its history
Lord Lawrence
The Wisdom of Fools
Sweet Clover: A Romance of the White City
Young Lord Stranleigh: A Novel
A Traitor in London
The Riviera of the Corniche Road
The Seventy's Course in Theology, Third Year: The Doctrine of Deity
In the Garden of Delight
History of Early Steamboat Navigation on the Missouri River, Volume 2 (of 2): Life and Adventures of Joseph La Barge
The Men of the Merchant Service: Being the polity of the mercantile marine for 'longshore readers
The Land of Fetish
The tenderfoots
Playmate Polly
The Case of the Golden Bullet
Many Voices: Poems
The Brethren
Original Short Stories — Volume 13
The Lady of Blossholme
A Rock in the Baltic
A Little Book of Western Verse
Sutherland and Caithness in Saga-Time; or, The Jarls and The Freskyns
What Prohibition Has Done to America
The Mintage: Being Ten Stories & One More
Prisoners: Fast Bound In Misery And Iron
The Christmas Peace: 1908
The Call of the South: 1908
Three Little Cousins
Casa Braccio, Volumes 1 and 2
Hymns from the East: Being Centos and Suggestions from the Office Books of the Holy Eastern Church
The Luck of Gerard Ridgeley
Witch Winnie: The Story of a "King's Daughter"
The Delafield Affair
Comfort Found in Good Old Books
Joseph Smith the Prophet-Teacher: A Discourse
By Veldt and Kopje
Bahaism and Its Claims: A Study of the Religion Promulgated by Baha Ullah and Abdul Baha
America First
The Victory At Sea
The Evolution of States
Life Movements in Plants, Volume II
The Elements of Geology
Camping on the St. Lawrence; Or, On the Trail of the Early Discoverers
"Broke," The Man Without the Dime
The Copperhead
Decadence, and Other Essays on the Culture of Ideas
Essays Literary, Critical and Historical
My "Pardner" and I (Gray Rocks): A Story of the Middle-West
The Scourge of God: A Romance of Religious Persecution
The Miracles of Antichrist: A Novel
The Venus of Milo: an archeological study of the goddess of womanhood
The Punishment of Children
Birds of Heaven, and Other Stories
Douris and the Painters of Greek Vases
Deep-Sea Plunderings
Our Feathered Friends
The ruined cities of Mashonaland: Being a record of excavation and exploration in 1891
Life and labor in the spirit world: Being a description of localities, employments, surroundings, and conditions in the spheres.
Bedouins: $b Mary Garden, Debussy, Chopin or the circus, Botticelli, Poe, Brahmsody, Anatole France, Mirbeau, Caruso on wheels, Calico cats, The artistic temperament; Idols and ambergris, with The supreme sin, Grindstones, A masque of music, and The vision malefic; with various portraits of Mary Garden in operatic costume
Mammy's baby
Alpine notes and the climbing foot
Clocks
Moon of Israel: A Tale of the Exodus
Books and Bookmen
Tales of Aztlan; The Romance of a Hero of Our Late Spanish-American War, Incidents of Interest from the Life of a Western Pioneer and Other Tales
One Day's Courtship, and The Heralds of Fame
Meadow Grass: Tales of New England Life
A Writer's Recollections — Volume 1
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 02: Little Journeys To the Homes of Famous Women
The record of a regiment of the line : $b being a regimental history of the 1st Battalion Devonshire Regiment during the Boer War, 1899-1902
The War on All Fronts: England's Effort: Letters to an American Friend
Jethou; or, Crusoe Life in the Channel Isles
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, vol. LXVIII, Sept. 1910: The New York Tunnel Extension of the Pennsylvania Railroad,; The North River Division. Paper No. 1151
Canoe Mates in Canada; Or, Three Boys Afloat on the Saskatchewan
The Romance of Golden Star ...
The Letter of the Contract
A Dog with a Bad Name
Fra Angelico
The Holy Cross and Other Tales
An Echo Of Antietam: 1898
A Positive Romance: 1898
The Crucial Moment: 1911
Candle and Crib
Diversions in Sicily
Concerning "Bully" Hayes: From "The Strange Adventure of James Shervinton, and Other Stories" - 1902
Fair Margaret: A Portrait
Life and Matter: A Criticism of Professor Haeckel's "Riddle of the Universe"
The Story of General Pershing
Lost Pond
Camps and Trails
The Boys of Old Monmouth: A Story of Washington's Campaign in New Jersey in 1778
A Little Book of Profitable Tales
Through Shot and Flame: The Adventures and Experiences of J. D. Kestell Chaplain to President Steyn and General Christian De Wet
A Life For a Love: A Novel
Villainage in England: Essays in English Mediaeval History
The Mystery of Lincoln's Inn
An Imperial Marriage
The Southern South
The Expositor's Bible: The Epistles to the Thessalonians
The Washer of the Ford: Legendary moralities and barbaric tales
Thirty Years on the Frontier
Theodore Roosevelt: An Address Delivered by Henry Cabot Lodge Before the Congress of the United States
Darwinism and Race Progress
Among the Birds in Northern Shires
The works of Francis Maitland Balfour, Volume 4 (of 4) : $b Plates
Whispering Tongues
Philosophic Nights in Paris: Being selections from Promenades Philosophiques
Old Broadbrim Into the Heart of Australia: or, A Strange Bargain and Its Consequences
The Chariot of the Flesh
The Logic of Vegetarianism: Essays and Dialogues
Notre Coeur; or, A Woman's Pastime: A Novel
Mrs Albert Grundy—Observations in Philistia
Gospel Themes: A Treatise on Salient Features of "Mormonism"
Grandmother: The Story of a Life That Never Was Lived
Castle Blair: A Story of Youthful Days
Sixteen years in Siberia: Some experiences of a Russian revolutionist
The Romance of Madame Tussaud's
The Silver Bullet
Letters That Have Helped Me
Photo-Lithography
Ye Magick Mirrour of Old Japan
On the Brink of a Chasm: A record of plot and passion
Adolescence
In the Name of a Woman: A Romance
The Tusayan ritual : $b A study on the influence of environment on aboriginal cults
Olivia : $b or, It was for her sake
An elder brother
The Soul of the Far East
Homespun Tales
The Interdependence of Literature
Diddie, Dumps, and Tot; Or, Plantation Child-Life
A Woman Intervenes
Classic Myths
My Native Land: The United States: its Wonders, its Beauties, and its People; with Descriptive Notes, Character Sketches, Folk Lore, Traditions, Legends and History, for the Amusement of the Old and the Instruction of the Young
Washington and his colleagues; a chronicle of the rise and fall of federalism
A Short History of the United States for School Use
Quiet Talks on Service
In the Days of Chivalry: A Tale of the Times of the Black Prince
Unleavened Bread
John Henry Smith: A humorous romance of outdoor life
Diddie, Dumps & Tot; or, Plantation child-life
By the Light of the Soul: A Novel
In Search of the Okapi: A Story of Adventure in Central Africa
Billy Whiskers' Adventures
The woman's way
The Ballad of Reading Gaol
Priestley in America, 1794-1804
Kilgorman: A Story of Ireland in 1798
Among the Great Masters of Music: Scenes in the Lives of Famous Musicians
The Heart of Una Sackville
An Englishwoman's Home
Robert Louis Stevenson
Poetry for Poetry's Sake: An Inaugural Lecture Delivered on June 5, 1901
Mary Louise Solves a Mystery
The Gentle Art of Cooking Wives
The Legacy of Ignorantism
Young Alaskans in the Far North
The Girl Scouts: A Training School for Womanhood
An Old Chester Secret
The King's Assegai: A Matabili Story
Milton's England
All about the Klondyke gold mines
Ariadne in Mantua: A Romance in Five Acts
Medieval English Literature
Elias: An Epic of the Ages
Historical Romances: Under the Red Robe, Count Hannibal, A Gentleman of France
Gouverneur Morris
John Marvel, Assistant
Standard Paper-Bag Cookery
A Hand-book to the Primates,  Volume 1 (of 2)
The Deserter, and Other Stories: A Book of Two Wars
The Book of Bulbs
Legends of the Pike's Peak Region; The Sacred Myths of the Manitou
Verdi: Man and Musician: His Biography with Especial Reference to His English Experiences
German Society at the Close of the Middle Ages
Bird Life Glimpses
Bill Nye's Red Book: New Edition
Oaths of Allegiance in Colonial New England
March Hares
The Life Story of a Black Bear
Tracked by a Tattoo: A Mystery
Julia France and Her Times: A Novel
John L. Stoddard's Lectures, Vol. 01 (of 10): Norway, Switzerland, Athens, Venice
Discovering "Evelina": An Old-fashioned Romance: A Companion Book to "The Jessamy Bride"
Food and Flavor: A Gastronomic Guide to Health and Good Living
The storm of London: a social rhapsody
Twentieth Century French Writers: Reviews and Reminiscences
Yermah the Dorado: The story of a lost race
England under the Angevin Kings, Volumes I and II
Earth dams, a study
Wits' End
The history of our Navy from its origin to the present day, 1775-1897, vol. 4 (of 4)
A scrap of paper : $b The inner history of German diplomacy and her scheme of world-wide conquest
The life of Florence Nightingale
A dead man's diary : $b written after his decease
Mrs. Korner Sins Her Mercies
Derrick Vaughan, Novelist
Manuel Pereira; Or, The Sovereign Rule of South Carolina
Innocent : her fancy and his fact
Sant' Ilario
The Book of Delight, and other papers
Confessions of a Young Man
A Mere Accident
Reed Anthony, Cowman: An Autobiography
The Girl at the Halfway House: A Story of the Plains
In the Wars of the Roses: A Story for the Young
Modern English Books of Power
Little Maid Marian
Moriah's Mourning and Other Half-Hour Sketches
"George Washington's" Last Duel: 1891
A short history of Pittsburgh : 1758-1908
With Airship and Submarine: A Tale of Adventure
The Cruise of the "Esmeralda"
The Rubaiyat of a Huffy Husband
The Mentor: The War of 1812: Volume 4, Number 3, Serial Number 103; 15 March, 1916.
Prince Vance: The Story of a Prince with a Court in His Box
Rural Life and the Rural School
The Voice: Its Production, Care and Preservation
Evolution
The High Heart
The Prophet of the Great Smoky Mountains
Rose Leaf and Apple Leaf
Love Letters of a Violinist, and Other Poems
With Americans of Past and Present Days
Pietro Ghisleri
Advice to Singers
The Boys of 1812 and Other Naval Heroes
Owen Glyndwr and the Last Struggle for Welsh Independence: With a Brief Sketch of Welsh History
A. D. 2000
Sea Spray: Verses and Translations
Clutterbuck's Treasure
The Pioneer Boys of the Columbia; or, In the Wilderness of the Great Northwest
Stories from the Trenches: Humorous and Lively Doings of Our 'Boys Over There'
The Mentor: The Wife in Art, Vol. 1, Num. 28, Serial No. 28
The Mentor: Makers of Modern Opera, Vol. 1, Num. 47, Serial No. 47
The Mentor: Russian Music, Vol. 4, Num. 18, Serial No. 118, November 1, 1916
Best Lincoln stories, tersely told
When I was your age
River and Canal Engineering, the characteristics of open flowing streams, and the principles and methods to be followed in dealing with them.
Penal Methods of the Middle Ages: Criminals, Witches, Lunatics
The Seventy's Course in Theology, Second Year: Outline History of the Dispensations of the Gospel
The Seminoles of Florida
A Love Crime
Billy Whiskers at Home
On reading in relation to literature
Pamela Pounce: A tale of tempestuous petticoats
The extraordinary confessions of Diana Please
Ella, a little schoolgirl of the sixties : $b A book for children and for grown-ups who remember
The Autobiography of a Slander
The Case of the Pool of Blood in the Pastor's Study
Original Short Stories — Volume 08
God's Good Man: A Simple Love Story
Spring Days
English literary criticism
Poems of Sentiment
A Mummer's Wife
Uncle Bernac: A Memory of the Empire
Quit Your Worrying!
Browning as a Philosophical and Religious Teacher
The Virgin-Birth of Our Lord: A paper read (in substance) before the confraternity of the Holy Trinity at Cambridge
The Education of Catholic Girls
The Otterbein Hymnal: For Use in Public and Social Worship
Town Life in Australia
The Chequers: Being the Natural History of a Public-House, Set Forth in; a Loafer's Diary
His "day in court": 1895
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 23
Wayside and Woodland Trees: A pocket guide to the British sylva
Above the Snow Line: Mountaineering Sketches Between 1870 and 1880
Pietro Vannucci, called Perugino
A Bayard From Bengal: Being some account of the Magnificent and Spanking Career of Chunder Bindabun Bhosh,...
Thomas Hart Benton
Under Four Administrations, from Cleveland to Taft: Recollections of Oscar S. Straus ...
The Lady of the Forest: A Story for Girls
The Diva's Ruby
Dynamite Stories, and Some Interesting Facts About Explosives
British Sea Birds
Brought Forward
The Nursery-Book: A Complete Guide to the Multiplication and Pollination of Plants
Indian Creek Massacre and Captivity of Hall Girls: Complete history of the massacre of sixteen whites on Indian creek, near Ottawa, Ill., and Sylvia Hall and Rachel Hall as captives in Illinois and Wisconsin during the Black Hawk war, 1832
An American Patrician, or The Story of Aaron Burr: Illustrated
The Sundial
More Italian Yesterdays
Peeps at Heraldry
The Essentials of American Constitutional Law
The Peoples of India
The Midnight Guest: A Detective Story
The Road Away from Revolution
A New Era of Thought
John L. Stoddard's Lectures, Vol. 03 (of 10): Japan I, Japan II, China
A Gentleman
Eugenie, Empress of the French
From India to the planet Mars: A study of a case of somnambulism with glossolalia
The Growth of the English House: A short history of its architectural development from 1100 to 1800
The new spirit in India
Worldly Ways & Byways
The Religion of Babylonia and Assyria
The Crown of Life
The Confessions of a Beachcomber
The Law of the Land: Of Miss Lady, Whom It Involved in Mystery, and of John Eddring, Gentleman of the South, Who Read Its Deeper Meaning: A Novel
Along the Shore
The Naturalist on the Thames
The Conquest of Fear
Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation
At love's cost
Life's Enthusiasms
Fenwick's Career
George Washington
The Ethics of Drink and Other Social Questions; Or, Joints In Our Social Armour
The Cabman's Story: The Mysteries of a London 'Growler'
The Green Door
Told in a French Garden: August, 1914
In Kings' Byways
The Trader's Wife: 1901
The Dust Flower
Brighter Britain! (Volume 1 of 2): or Settler and Maori in Northern New Zealand
What a Man Wills
The Span o' Life: A Tale of Louisbourg & Quebec
Geoffrey Hampstead: A Novel
Fish Stories
The 'Blackwood' Group
Fundamental Peace Ideas including The Westphalian Peace Treaty (1648) and The League Of Nations (1919): in connection with International Psychology and Revolutions
The Treasure of the Tigris: A Tale of Mesopotamia
The Marquis of Peñalta (Marta y María): A Realistic Social Novel
Diana Tempest, Volume II
Diana Tempest, Volume III
Dandy Dick: A Play in Three Acts
Picturesque Pala: The Story of the Mission Chapel of San Antonio de Padua Connected with Mission San Luis Rey
Scenic Mount Lowe and Its Wonderful Railway
Once Upon a Time, and Other Child-Verses
A Short History of the Royal Navy, 1217 to 1688
A Night in the Luxembourg
Thirteen Stories
Fifteen Hundred Miles an Hour
The Later Renaissance
Food Adulteration and Its Detection: With photomicrographic plates and a bibliographical appendix
Phoebe Daring: A Story for Young Folk
Morriña (Homesickness)
The Family on Wheels
Romantic Cities of Provence
Reading: How to Teach It
The Fur-Seal's Tooth: A Story of Alaskan Adventure
Beggars on Horseback; A riding tour in North Wales
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George William Foote
The Happy Isles
The Singing Church: The Hymns It Wrote and Sang
Cesare Lombroso, a modern man of science
Forestry for Farmers
Methods & Aims in Archaeology
A Little House in War Time
The Witch's Head
French life in town and country
Drifted ashore; $b or, a child without a name
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
The young ship builder
The house on the marsh : $b A romance
The Chinese Boy and Girl
Our Friend the Charlatan
The Freedom of Life
Poems of Optimism
An Ambitious Man
The Conqueror: Being the True and Romantic Story of Alexander Hamilton
The Development of the European Nations, 1870-1914 (5th ed.)
Doctor Claudius, A True Story
Billy Whiskers: The Autobiography of a Goat
At War with Pontiac; Or, The Totem of the Bear: A Tale of Redcoat and Redskin
Three Margarets
The World Peril of 1910
The Silly Jelly-Fish: Told in English
Charles Frohman: Manager and Man
The Splash of a Drop
The Gorgeous Isle: A Romance; Scene-- Nevis, B.W.I. 1842
St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans: A Practical Exposition. Vol. I
Countess Erika's Apprenticeship
London Before the Conquest
A Dash for a Throne
Robert Kimberly
Quicksilver Sue
Across Patagonia
Earthworms and Their Allies
Natural Philosophy
A Virgin Heart: A Novel
Mary Broome: A Comedy, in Four Acts
Tuscan folk-lore and sketches, together with some other papers
The Nether Millstone
Points of View
From the Black Mountain to Waziristan: Being an account of the border countries and the more turbulent of the tribes controlled by the north-west frontier province, and of our military relations with them in the past
Men Who Have Made the Empire
English Folk-Song and Dance
The goddess: a demon
Two-Legs
Free Opinions, Freely Expressed on Certain Phases of Modern Social Life and Conduct
Rulers of kings: A novel
Torwood's trust : $b A novel (Vol. 3 of 3)
The fields of France : $b with twenty illustrations in color
Memoir of Fleeming Jenkin
Tattine
Penelope's Postscripts
The Flag-Raising
The Invention of a New Religion
Chapters of Opera: Being historical and critical observations and records concerning the lyric drama in New York from its earliest days down to the present time
A Doctor of the Old School — Volume 4
Sir George Tressady — Volume I
In the Valley
Burnham Breaker
The Winning of the West, Volume 3: The Founding of the Trans-Alleghany Commonwealths, 1784-1790
A Thane of Wessex: Being a Story of the Great Viking Raids into Somerset
The Lord of Dynevor: A Tale of the Times of Edward the First
Prime Ministers and Some Others: A Book of Reminiscences
Gordon Craig, Soldier of Fortune
The Jamesons
Fighting for peace
Under the Meteor Flag: Log of a Midshipman during the French Revolutionary War
The Californians
A Love Story Reversed: 1898
The phantom of Bogue Holauba: 1911
Officer and Man: 1901
An Encore
The Pond
The American Country Girl
The Government of England (Vol. I)
A Lowden Sabbath Morn
Masterman and Son
A Canterbury Pilgrimage
The Night Riders: A Thrilling Story of Love, Hate and Adventure, Graphically Depicting the Tobacco Uprising in Kentucky
Res Judicatæ: Papers and Essays
The Wayfarers
Stories About Famous Precious Stones
White Fire
William Jay and the Constitutional Movement for the Abolition of Slavery
The Church In Politics—Americans Beware!
Modern Illustration
Tom Ossington's Ghost
Expositor's Bible: The Book of Jeremiah, Chapters XXI.-LII.
Giotto
Lord Lyons: A Record of British Diplomacy, Vol. 2 of 2
The Pioneer Boys of the Mississippi; or, The Homestead in the Wilderness
In the Days of Queen Elizabeth
Why We Punctuate; or, Reason Versus Rule in the Use of Marks
Laurel Vane; or, The Girls' Conspiracy
The Mentor: Venice, the Island City, Vol. 1, Num. 27, Serial No. 27
The Mentor: Famous Composers, Vol. 1, Num. 41, Serial No. 41
Lentala of the South Seas: The Romantic Tale of a Lost Colony
Daireen. Volume 1 of 2
A Vendetta of the Hills
Sir Ian Hamilton's Despatches from the Dardanelles, etc.
Chapters on Spanish Literature
French and German Socialism in Modern Times
Galileo Galilei and the Roman Curia: From Authentic Sources
The Queen of Farrandale: A Novel
Life at the Zoo: Notes and Traditions of the Regent's Park Gardens
Thoughts on South Africa
The British Campaign in France and Flanders, 1914
The Hunter Hercules, or, The Champion Rider of the Plains: A Romance of the Prairies
The Moon: A Popular Treatise
The Spring of a Lion
Scientific Sprague
Tedious brief tales of Granta and Gramarye
Yuletide entertainments : $b Christmas recitations, monologues, drills, tableaux, motion songs, exercises, dialogues and plays
Travels of an Arab merchant in Soudan (the Black Kingdoms of Central Africa)
Flowers and their friends
A Vanished Arcadia: Being Some Account of the Jesuits in Paraguay 1607-1767
Original Short Stories — Volume 10
Songs of Action
Born in Exile
When a Man Comes to Himself
A Book of Operas: Their Histories, Their Plots, and Their Music
History of California
America To-day, Observations and Reflections
Britain at Bay
Cavour
The Mormon Prophet
Russian Rambles
Emerson's Wife and Other Western Stories
The Treasure of Heaven: A Romance of Riches
The Von Toodleburgs; Or, The History of a Very Distinguished Family
The Strange Adventures of Eric Blackburn
Sisters Three
An American Suffragette
The Merryweathers
Reminiscences of Charles Bradlaugh
Communism and Christianism: Analyzed and Contrasted from the Marxian and Darwinian Points of View
The Rose of Paradise: Being a detailed account of certain adventures that happened to captain John Mackra, in connection with the famous pirate, Edward England, in the year 1720, off the Island of Juanna in the Mozambique Channel; writ by himself, and now for the first time published
St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians: A Practical Exposition
Twentieth Century Socialism: What It Is Not; What It Is: How It May Come
The Real Man
The Duke Decides
The Gully of Bluemansdyke, and Other stories
Albrecht
Spiders
The Mentor: American Naturalists, Vol. 7, Num. 9, Serial No. 181, June 15, 1919
Seeing and Hearing
Iconoclasts: A Book of Dramatists: Ibsen, Strindberg, Becque, Hauptmann, Sudermann, Hervieu, Gorky, Duse and D'Annunzio, Maeterlinck and Bernard Shaw
Defense of the Faith and the Saints (Volume 1 of 2)
Seventy Years Among Savages
The Mentor: Benjamin Franklin, Vol. 6, Num. 7, Serial No. 155, May 15, 1918
The Ralstons
Beautiful Birds
The Illustration of Books: A Manual for the Use of Students, Notes for a Course of Lectures at the Slade School, University College
To the Highest Bidder
A Gray Eye or So. In Three Volumes—Volume II
Betrayed Armenia
A Little Queen of Hearts: An International Story
The South American Tour
The Case for Spirit Photography: With corroborative evidence by experienced researchers and photographers
Foreign Exchange
Salve Venetia, gleanings from Venetian history; vol. II
In the Name of the People
Colonial facts and fictions: Humorous sketches
To Panama and back : $b The record of an experience
The outcast
An old master, and other political essays
Biological analogies in history
Henry Ossian Flipper, the Colored Cadet at West Point: Autobiography of Lieut. Henry Ossian Flipper, U.S.A., First Graduate of Color from the U.S. Military Academy
Captain Brassbound's Conversion
The Story of Germ Life
Public Speaking: Principles and Practice
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 09 : as to buried treasure
Why Worry?
Under King Constantine
The Balkan Wars: 1912-1913: Third Edition
A Prince of Cornwall: A Story of Glastonbury and the West in the Days of Ina of Wessex
Wolfville Nights
Wulfric the Weapon Thane: A Story of the Danish Conquest of East Anglia
Fields of Victory
A Wonderful Night; An Interpretation of Christmas
Adrien Leroy
Molly McDonald: A Tale of the Old Frontier
John Ward, Preacher
Set in Silver
The Waif Woman
The Flutter of the Goldleaf, and Other Plays
Kafir Stories: Seven Short Stories
A Soldier of the Legion
Roger Ingleton, Minor
Obiter Dicta: Second Series
Experiences of a Dug-out, 1914-1918
Immortal Memories
The Inmate Of The Dungeon: 1894
Maw's Vacation: The Story of a Human Being in the Yellowstone
The Mouse and The Moonbeam
The Paliser case
How to Study
Bible Studies in the Life of Paul, Historical and Constructive
Held for Orders: Being Stories of Railroad Life
My Little Boy
Ann Boyd: A Novel
By Right of Sword
The Intoxicated Ghost, and other stories
Dumps - A Plain Girl
Pretty Geraldine, the New York Salesgirl; or, Wedded to Her Choice
Parallel Paths: A Study in Biology, Ethics, and Art
German Atrocities: Their Nature and Philosophy
A Lincoln Conscript
My Lady Nobody: A Novel
A Beginner's History
The Novel; what it is
A Gray Eye or So. In Three Volumes—Volume III
Cricket
Clever Betsy: A Novel
Peggy O'Neal
Daughters of Destiny
Peacemakers—Blessed and Otherwise: Observations, Reflections and Irritations at an International Conference
Psycho-Analysis and the War Neuroses
The Fever of Life
Our sentimental journey through France and Italy: A new edition with Appendix
Index for Works of Bill Nye: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
Modern Cotton Spinning Machinery, Its Principles and Construction
In Bird Land
Through Connemara in a governess cart
John Rawn, Prominent Citizen
Seventeen Talks on the Banking Question: Between Uncle Sam and Mr. Farmer, Mr. Banker, Mr. Lawyer, Mr. Laboringman, Mr. Merchant, Mr. Manufacturer
Irish Memories
Peggy from Kerry
With Trumpet and Drum
The Silver Domino; Or, Side Whispers, Social and Literary
The Strange Visitation
Daughters of Men
The Place of Animals in Human Thought
Three pretty maids
The Love of Ulrich Nebendahl
The Cleveland Era: A Chronicle of the New Order in Politics
The Paying Guest
The Unclassed
Wakulla: a story of adventure in Florida
Poems of Experience
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 03 : on and near the Delaware
Formation of the Union, 1750-1829
Hormones and Heredity: A Discussion of the Evolution of Adaptations and the Evolution of Species
"Beautiful Thoughts"
At a Winter's Fire
The Redemption of David Corson
John L. Stoddard's Lectures, Vol. 10 (of 10): Southern California; Grand Cañon of the Colorado River; Yellowstone National Park
The Secret Chamber at Chad
Marietta: A Maid of Venice
The Debtor: A Novel
A Thoughtless Yes
Lessons in Music Form: A Manual of Analysis of All the Structural Factors and Designs Employed in Musical Composition
Policing the plains : $b being the real-life record of the famous Royal North-West Mounted Police
A Chinese Command: A Story of Adventure in Eastern Seas
The Love Affairs of Pixie
Two Gallant Sons of Devon: A Tale of the Days of Queen Bess
Arrows of Freethought
Industrial Conspiracies
A Dear Little Girl
Euphorion - Vol. II: Being Studies of the Antique and the Mediaeval in the Renaissance
Notes on the Diplomatic History of the Jewish Question: With Texts of Protocols, Treaty Stipulations and Other Public Acts and Official Documents
An Introduction to the Study of Comparative Religion
Rose MacLeod
"Phiz" (Hablot Knight Browne), a Memoir.
The raid of the guerilla, and other stories
John the Baptist: A Play
The River's Children: An Idyl of the Mississippi
Where Duty Called; or, In Honor Bound
Fast as the Wind: A Novel
True, and Other Stories
How the Bible was Invented: A Lecture Delivered Before the Independent Religious Society
Inventors
Mrs. Balfame: A Novel
With the Indians in the Rockies
His Majesty Baby and Some Common People
The Story of the Hills: A Book About Mountains for General Readers.
The works of Francis Maitland Balfour, Volume 2 (of 4) : $b A treatise on comparative embryology: Invertebrata
Prairie-Dog Town
Kophetua the Thirteenth
A Lady of Rome
Joseph Pennell's Pictures of War Work in America: Reproductions of a series of lithographs of munition works made by him with the permission and authority of the United States government, with notes and an introduction by the artist
Katherine Lauderdale; Vol. 1 of 2
The Quest of the Golden Pearl
Home Entertaining: Amusements for Every One
An Anglo-American Alliance: A Serio-Comic Romance and Forecast of the Future
A Wedding Trip
The Gates of Dawn
Oliver Cromwell and the Rule of the Puritans in England
Small Talk at Wreyland. Third Series
The Master-Girl
The Boy Fortune Hunters in Alaska
Under Six Flags: The Story of Texas
The Colored People of Chicago: An Investigation Made for the Juvenile Protective Association
Cleopatra
Across the Vatna Jökull; or, Scenes in Iceland: Being a Description of Hitherto Unkown Regions
"White man bery unsartin": "Nigger haint got no friends, no how"; the blackest chapter in the history of the Republican Party; the men who robbed and combined to rob the freedmen of their hard earnings.
Confessions of a Tradesman
Giannella
How To Have Bird Neighbors
Notes on the Art Treasures at Penicuik House Midlothian
Queen of the Dawn: A Love Tale of Old Egypt
Impressions of Ukiyo-ye, the school of the Japanese colour-print artists
Early British trackways, moats, mounds, camps, and sites
The four Corners in California
Scheherazade: a London night's entertainment
Captain Shannon
Worthy of his name
Original Short Stories — Volume 12
Wolfville
Thyrza
The Shewing-up of Blanco Posnet
The Story of a Child
Under the Skylights
The History of England from the Norman Conquest to the Death of John (1066-1216)
Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 03: Little Journeys to the Homes of American Statesmen
Winning His "W": A Story of Freshman Year at College
All on the Irish Shore: Irish Sketches
Overdue: The Story of a Missing Ship
Wolf's Head: 1911
The Lady and the Pirate: Being the Plain Tale of a Diligent Pirate and a Fair Captive
Drolls From Shadowland
The True Story of the American Flag
Life of Charles Darwin
The Time of Roses
M. P.'s in Session: From Mr. Punch's Parliamentary Portrait Gallery
Histology of the Blood, Normal and Pathological
Susanna and Sue
The Story of a Red Deer
The Undying Past
Roses: Four One-Act Plays: Streaks of Light—The Last Visit—Margot—The Far-away Princess
The Joyous Story of Toto
Book Collecting: A Guide for Amateurs
Is the Morality of Jesus Sound?: A Lecture Delivered Before the Independent Religious Society
Aunt Jimmy's Will
Sport in Abyssinia; Or, The Mareb and Tackazzee
The German Emperor as Shown in His Public Utterances
Woodstock: An historical sketch
Nietzsche and Other Exponents of Individualism
The Growth of a Crystal: Being the eighteenth Robert Boyle lecture
The Substance of Faith Allied with Science (6th Ed.): A Catechism for Parents and Teachers
Katherine Lauderdale; Vol. 2 of 2
Mrs. Pendleton's Four-in-hand
Biography of Percival Lowell
The Jessamy Bride
Honor Bright: A Story for Girls
The Brain of an Army: A Popular Account of the German General Staff
The Historical Christ;: Or, An investigation of the views of Mr. J. M. Robertson, Dr. A. Drews, and Prof. W. B. Smith
The Young Man and Journalism
Girls of the Morning-Glory Camp Fire
"The One" Dog and "The Others": A Study of Canine Character
Audubon the Naturalist: A History of His Life and Time. Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Log of the Water Wagon; or, The Cruise of the Good Ship "Lithia"
About Algeria: Algiers, Tlemçen, Constantine, Biskra, Timgad
The Story of My Life and Work
The Old Room
Woodside, the North End of Newark, N.J.: Its History, Legends and Ghost Stories Gathered from the Records and the Older Inhabitants Now Living
Billy Whiskers, Jr.
The Church of Sancta Sophia, Constantinople: A Study of Byzantine Building
Anthony John
Two Years Among New Guinea Cannibals: A Naturalist's Sojourn Among the Aborigines of Unexplored New Guinea
The Curse of Eve
Blackboard Sketching
Mr. Arnold: A romance of the Revolution
Winona : $b A tale of Negro life in the South and Southwest
North Africa and the desert : $b Scenes and moods
The Turk and his lost provinces : $b Greece, Bulgaria, Servia, Bosnia
Canada and Newfoundland
Royalty Restored; Or, London Under Charles II
The House of the Wolf: A Romance
Why Go to College? An Address
Lady Bridget in the Never-Never Land: a story of Australian life
The Master-Christian
Miss Merivale's Mistake
Eleanor
The Powers and Maxine
The Brook Kerith: A Syrian story
Caste
Timothy's Quest: A Story for Anybody, Young or Old, Who Cares to Read It
The Drummer's Coat
The Romance of an Old Fool
A Middy of the Slave Squadron: A West African Story
With The Eyes Shut: 1898
"Run To Seed": 1891
Ireland and Poland: A Comparison
Church work among the Negroes in the South: The Hale Memorial Sermon No. 2
A Christmas Accident and Other Stories
England and Germany
The Grandee
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 10
Gertrude's Marriage
Letters from a Father to His Son Entering College
Hard Pressed
Two Prisoners
The Bondman: A New Saga
Shakespeare in the Theatre
The Sweep Winner
In Mr. Knox's Country
Further Experiences of an Irish R.M.
Beyond
The Moral Instruction of Children
Through East Anglia in a Motor Car
The Story of Francis Cludde
Studies in Modern Music, Second Series: Frederick Chopin, Antonin Dvořák, Johannes Brahms
The Magistrate: A Farce in Three Acts
The Blue Dragon: A Tale of Recent Adventure in China
Moscow: A Story of the French Invasion of 1812
Harum Scarum's Fortune
Morality Without God: A Lecture Delivered Before the Independent Religious Society
The Pioneer Boys of the Yellowstone; or, Lost in the Land of Wonders
Little Mitchell: The Story of a Mountain Squirrel
Reminiscences of the King of Roumania
The Profligate: A Play in Four Acts
Daireen. Volume 2 of 2
Glacières; or, Freezing Caverns
Emerson on Sound Money: A Speech, 1896
Orpheus and Other Poems
Modern Musical Drift
Organization: How Armies are Formed for War
Little Stories of Married Life
The Charm of Scandinavia
The Story of Dutch Painting
The Making of a Modern Army and its Operations in the Field: A study based on the experience of three years on the French front (1914-1917)
The Devil's Motor: A Fantasy
Cadet Life at West Point
A tale of three weeks
The unhallowed harvest
Geoff's little sister
The New Revelation
Annajanska, the Bolshevik Empress
Wolfville Days
In Homespun
Poems of Purpose
Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush
In and out of Three Normandy Inns
Mobilizing Woman-Power
Aunt Jane's Nieces out West
The Young Seigneur: Or, Nation-Making
An Outline of the History of Christian Thought Since Kant
The Battle of Principles: A Study of the Heroism and Eloquence of the Anti-Slavery Conflict
Some Forerunners of Italian Opera
The Old Folks' Party: 1898
Lost: 1898
The Samuel Butler Collection at Saint John's College, Cambridge: A Catalogue and a Commentary
Oxford
Tessa: 1901
"Pig-Headed" Sailor Men: From "The Strange Adventure of James Shervinton, and Other Stories" - 1902
The Adventure of Elizabeth Morey, of New York: 1901
Hugh, Bishop of Lincoln: A Short Story of One of the Makers of Mediaeval England
The Mountain Divide
The Old Willow Tree, and Other Stories
Aletta: A Tale of the Boer Invasion
In the Whirl of the Rising
'Tween Snow and Fire: A Tale of the Last Kafir War
The Induna's Wife
Fires of St. John: A Drama in Four Acts
The Blind Mother, and The Last Confession
Felix Lanzberg's Expiation
By Wit of Woman
Talks to Freshman Girls
Between the Dark and the Daylight
Autumn Glory; Or, The Toilers of the Field
The Life of George Borrow
Bolanyo
The Truth of Christianity: Being an Examination of the More Important Arguments For and Against Believing in That Religion
The War with Mexico, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Riverpark Rebellion
Lydia Knight's History: The First Book of the Noble Women's Lives
Sport in Vancouver and Newfoundland
Sir Christopher: A Romance of a Maryland Manor in 1644
Joseph Pennell's pictures of the Panama Canal: Reproductions of a series of lithographs made by him on the Isthmus of Panama, January—March 1912, together with impressions and notes by the artist
The Mentor: American Mural Painters, vol. 2, Num 15, Serial No. 67, September 15, 1914
The Impudent Comedian, & Others
The House of the Trees & Other Poems
The Seafarers
Nights with the Gods
A Christian Woman
In Queer Street
Janus in Modern Life
The Problem of Manflight
Pleiades Club—Telegraphers' Paradise on Planet Mars
Joseph Pennell's Pictures of the Wonder of Work: Reproductions of a Series of Drawings, Etchings, and Lithographs, Made by Him about the World, 1881-1915, with Impressions and Notes by the Artist
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Robert Barr
Flower and Jewel; or, Daisy Forrest's Daughter
The Manor School
When I Was Czar
From Seven to Seventy: Memories of a Painter and a Yankee
The lion's share
Eminent doctors: Their lives and their work; Vol. 2 of 2
Armenia, a martyr nation: A historical sketch of the Armenian people from traditional times to the present tragic days
Egyptian decorative art : $b A course of lectures delivered at the Royal Institution
Inger Johanne's lively doings
From trail to railway through the Appalachians
The virgin of the sun : $b A tale of the conquest of Peru
Penelope's Irish Experiences
The Secret Power
Denzil Quarrier
The Emancipated
By the Ionian Sea: Notes of a Ramble in Southern Italy
Mademoiselle Fifi
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 06: Little Journeys to the Homes of Eminent Artists
Bertram Cope's Year
The Americanism of Washington
The Glory of English Prose: Letters to My Grandson
The Flamingo Feather
French and English: A Story of the Struggle in America
The history of England, from the accession of Henry III. to the death of Edward III. (1216-1377)
The Shoulders of Atlas: A Novel
What Is and What Might Be: A Study of Education in General and Elementary Education in Particular
Edward Barry: South Sea Pearler
"Old Mary": 1901
Lafayette
Dick Leslie's Luck: A Story of Shipwreck and Adventure
The School Queens
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 15
The Chief Engineer
Blanche: The Maid of Lille
The Man Without a Memory
How She Felt in Her First Corset, and Other Poems
Search-Light Letters
Diana Tempest, Volume I
Ovington's Bank
Mariquita: A Novel
The Lance of Kanana: A Story of Arabia
The Affair at the Inn
Three Girls from School
Natural Man
Green Fire: A Romance
Little Golden's Daughter; or, The Dream of a Life Time
Virginia's Attitude Toward Slavery and Secession
The Romance of the Woods
The Brochure Series of Architectural Illustration, vol. 06, No. 01, January 1900: The Ten Most Beautiful Buildings in the United States.
The Bull Calf, and Other Tales
Berkshire
The Mentor: Scotland, the Land of Song and Scenery, Vol. 1, Num. 10, Serial No. 10, April 21, 1913: A Trip Around the World with Dwight L. Elmendorf
In good company : $b Some personal recollections of Swinburne, Lord Roberts, Watts-Dunton, Oscar Wilde Edward Whymper, S. J. Stone, Stephen Phillips
With ski & sledge over Arctic glaciers
Instead of the Thorn: A Novel
The Story of the American Merchant Marine
The Flying Girl and Her Chum
Ski-runs in the High Alps
Liberia: Description, History, Problems
The Story of the Mince Pie
Thoth: A Romance
Echoes From The Orient: A Broad Outline of Theosophical Doctrines
When Polly Was Eighteen
An ethical philosophy of life presented in its main outlines
Spanish John: Being a Memoir, Now First Published in Complete Form, of the Early Life and Adventures of Colonel John McDonell, Known as "Spanish John," When a Lieutenant in the Company of St. James of the Regiment Irlandia, in the Service of the King of Spain Operating in Italy
Charles Dickens
Advance Australasia: A Day-to-Day Record of a Recent Visit to Australasia.: Second Edition.
Salve Venetia, gleanings from Venetian history; vol. I
A Lad of Mettle
A Girl of To-day
Malthus and his work
Modern bookbindings: Their design and decoration
Public health and insurance: American addresses
Historical vignettes, 1st series
The cave dwellers of Southern Tunisia : $b Recollections of a sojourn with the Khalifa of Matmata
The mis-rule of three
Oberon and Puck : $b Verses grave and gay
Long Odds
Senator North
Cetywayo and his White Neighbours: Remarks on Recent Events in Zululand, Natal, and the Transvaal
Bohemian San Francisco: Its restaurants and their most famous recipes—The elegant art of dining.
The Personal Touch
Joy and Power: Three Messages with One Meaning
With Zola in England: A Story of Exile
John Smith, U.S.A.
Helena
African and European Addresses
Marie
Three Wonder Plays
The Life of Froude
The Gay Lord Quex: A Comedy in Four Acts
Evelina's Garden
Una of the hill country: 1911
Days Off, and Other Digressions
A Study of Recent Earthquakes
The Big Drum: A Comedy in Four Acts
Hepsey Burke
The Day of Sir John Macdonald: A Chronicle of the First Prime Minister of the Dominion
Eternal Life
St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans: A Practical Exposition. Vol. II
The White Shield
A Veldt Official: A Novel of Circumstance
The Wreckers of Sable Island
The Nerve of Foley, and Other Railroad Stories
The Court Jester
Mentally Defective Children
Sophia: A Romance
The Country-Life Movement in the United States
The Crime and the Criminal
The Chase of the Ruby
A History of Roman Literature
The works of Francis Maitland Balfour, Volume 3 (of 4) : $b A treatise on comparative embryology: Vertebrata
In Sunny Spain with Pilarica and Rafael
The Rising of the Tide: The Story of Sabinsport
Four Short Plays
The Observations of Henry: Illustrated
Six Bad Husbands and Six Unhappy Wives
Scientific Romances (First Series)
Two Pilgrims' Progress; from fair Florence, to the eternal city of Rome
Bird Watching
Louise Imogen Guiney
Sister Gertrude: A Tale of the West Riding
Tom Pinder, Foundling: A Story of the Holmfirth Flood
A Loyal Little Red-Coat: A Story of Child-life in New York a Hundred Years Ago
An Old Man's Darling
In Taunton town : a story of the rebellion of James Duke of Monmouth in 1685
The Boy Fortune Hunters in Panama
New Zealand
Hannibal Crosses the Alps
Billy To-morrow
Revolutionary Europe, 1789-1815
The British Campaign in France and Flanders—July to November, 1918
The Making of Modern Japan: An Account of the Progress of Japan from Pre-feudal Days to Constitutional Government & the Position of a Great Power, With Chapters on Religion, the Complex Family System, Education, &c.
Dixie Kitten
The skeleton key
Three generations
The Commune of London, and other studies
Physiological economy in nutrition, with special reference to the minimal proteid requirement of the healthy man: an experimental study
Hannibal's daughter
New Thought Pastels
The Secret Passage
Miss Ludington's Sister
Songs and Other Verse
Halleck's New English Literature
Vain Fortune: A Novel
Colonel Quaritch, V.C.: A Tale of Country Life
In the Palace of the King: A Love Story of Old Madrid
Tom Tufton's Travels
A King's Comrade: A Story of Old Hereford
The Story of Patsy
Ireland In The New Century
Five Months at Anzac: A Narrative of Personal Experiences of the Officer Commanding the 4th Field Ambulance, Australian Imperial Force
Raftmates: A Story of the Great River
Flint: His Faults, His Friendships and His Fortunes
Deserted: 1898
The Daughter of a Magnate
A Man of the World
Forging the Blades: A Tale of the Zulu Rebellion
Where the Path Breaks
Stranded in Arcady
Cottontail Rabbits in Relation to Trees and Farm Crops
The Storm Centre: A Novel
Pray You, Sir, Whose Daughter?
Simon Eichelkatz; The Patriarch. Two Stories of Jewish Life
The Guards Came Through, and Other Poems
The Joy of Captain Ribot
Spanish Vistas
The Mystery of the Lost Dauphin (Louis XVII)
Wheat and Huckleberries; Or, Dr. Northmore's Daughters
The Last of Their Race
Afterwards, and Other Stories
The Days of Auld Lang Syne
Up Terrapin River
What Was the Religion of Shakespeare?
A Tale of the Tow-Path
The Monster
The Redemption of Freetown
The Black Hawk War Including a Review of Black Hawk's Life
A Journalist's Note-Book
The Other World
The Fate of a Crown
A Short History of Newnham College, Cambridge
Military History: Lectures Delivered at Trinity College, Cambridge
Artificial Limbs
Social Life in Old Virginia Before the War
A Woman of the Ice Age
Living the Radiant Life: A Personal Narrative
The Silver Caves: A Mining Story
North of 36
The Silver Arrow
The Life of Gen. Thos. J. Jackson, "Stonewall": For the Young (Fourth Reader Grade), in Easy Words
The Seventy's Course in Theology, Fourth Year: The Atonement
For God and Gold
The Spider, and Other Tales
Margaret Maliphant
The Glebe 1914/04 (Vol. 2, No. 1): Collects
Robert Fulton and the Submarine
Putting the Most Into Life
Men, Women, and Books
Billy Whiskers at the Fair
Recollections of Captain Wilkie: A Story of an Old Offender
The man with the hoe, and other poems
The English Home from Charles I. to George IV.: Its Architecture, Decoration and Garden Design
His fortunate Grace
The lighting of the Christmas tree
St. Cuthbert's tower
My friend the murderer, and other mysteries and adventures
Eminent doctors: Their lives and their work; Vol. 1 of 2
Light from the spirit world: The pilgrimage of Thomas Paine and others to the seventh circle in the spirit world
A Christmas greeting
Sweet Violet : $b or, the fairest of the fair
Aircraft in war
Compromises
The Fifth String
Evergreens
Shelley: An Essay
Mary Louise
A Girl of the People
Musa Pedestris - Three Centuries of Canting Songs and Slang Rhymes [1536 - 1896]
Crowded Out! and Other Sketches
The Second Deluge
Tiverton Tales
Ramuntcho
The Young Woodsman; Or, Life in the Forests of Canada
Children's Rights: A Book of Nursery Logic
A Roman Singer
Recent Tendencies in Ethics: Three Lectures to Clergy Given at Cambridge
A Great Success
The Pilots of Pomona: A Story of the Orkney Islands
David Lockwin—The People's Idol
The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith
Carette of Sark
Mike Fletcher: A Novel
Denslow's Three Bears
Tiverton Tales
The Ballad of Reading Gaol
Hooking Watermelons: 1898
The Lowest Rung: Together with The Hand on the Latch, St. Luke's Summer and The Understudy
In the Far North: 1901
From Jungle to Java: The Trivial Impressions of a Short Excursion to Netherlands India
The Mystery of Witch-Face Mountain, and Other Stories
The White Hand and the Black: A Story of the Natal Rising
The Taming of the Jungle
Our Own Set: A Novel
Nature and the Gods: From "The Atheistic Platform", Twelve Lectures
The White Hecatomb, and Other Stories
A Vendetta of the Desert
When Love Calls
The Runaways: A New and Original Story
Sonnets of a Budding Bard
Burne-Jones
The Story of Slavery
Queen Moo's Talisman: The Fall of the Maya Empire
The Bird Hospital
Gideon Bands for work within the race and for work without the race: a message to the colored people of the United States
The Mentor: Napoleon Bonaparte, Serial No. 38
The Mentor: The Revolution, Vol. 1, Num. 43, Serial No. 43: The Story of America in Pictures
Bill Nye's Sparks
His Little Royal Highness
A Virginia Girl in the Civil War, 1861-1865: being a record of the actual experiences of the wife of a Confederate officer
With Rogers on the Frontier: A Story of 1756
The Daring Twins: A Story for Young Folk
The Crimson Sign: A Narrative of the Adventures of Mr. Gervase Orme, Sometime Lieutenant in Mountjoy's Regiment of Foot
Under Greek Skies
Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea
The Sacred Herb
Autobiography of a Child
The Nile in 1904
An Artist in Egypt
In the vine country
Love,—and the Philosopher: A Study in Sentiment
Sketches of Imposture, Deception, and Credulity
Studies in the Wagnerian Drama
Madame Roland: A Biographical Study
American problems
Plank Frame Barn Construction
More About Teddy B. and Teddy G., the Roosevelt Bears: Being Volume Two Depicting Their Further Travels and Adventures
The Ivory King: A popular history of the elephant and its allies
The Young Supercargo: A Story of the Merchant Marine
The Life and Work of William Tindale
England under the Angevin Kings, Volume I
A vagrant wife
The case of Oscar Slater
The Bodleian Library at Oxford
Luke's wife
Abraham Lincoln
Nonsense for old and young
Sketches in Lavender, Blue and Green
Love Eternal
The White Bees
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 02 : the Isle of Manhattoes and nearby
Trials and Triumphs of Faith
Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde": An Essay on the Wagnerian Drama
The Life and Works of Friedrich Schiller
The Indian Lily and Other Stories
Aunt Jane's Nieces
The Lake
In the Name of the Bodleian, and Other Essays
Our Lady Saint Mary
Daniel Webster
Rebuilding Britain: A Survey of Problems of Reconstruction After the World War
Nautilus
Humanly Speaking
King Olaf's Kinsman: A Story of the Last Saxon Struggle against the Danes in the Days of Ironside and Cnut
The Lost Treasure of Trevlyn: A Story of the Days of the Gunpowder Plot
In Apple-Blossom Time: A Fairy-Tale to Date
Derrick Sterling: A Story of the Mines
Intestinal Ills: Chronic Constipation, Indigestion, Autogenetic Poisons, Diarrhea, Piles, Etc. Also Auto-Infection, Auto-Intoxication, Anemia, Emaciation, Etc. Due to Proctitis and Colitis
The Rural Life Problem of the United States: Notes of an Irish Observer
'Charge It': Keeping Up With Harry
Haviland's Chum
The Riddle of the Night
The Fairy School of Castle Frank
When the Ku Klux Rode
Corianton: A Nephite Story
Sons and Fathers
Fly Fishing in Wonderland
A Book o' Nine Tales.
Automatic Pistol Shooting: Together with Information on Handling the Duelling Pistol and Revolver
William Gilbert, and Terrestial Magnetism in the Time of Queen Elizabeth: A Discourse
The Relations between the Laws of Babylonia and the Laws of the Hebrew Peoples: The Schweich Lectures
Caudebec in America: A Record of the Descendants of Jacques Caudebec 1700 to 1920
Adam Hepburn's Vow: A Tale of Kirk and Covenant
Walks near Edinburgh
Talks on Teaching Literature
The Wooden Hand: A Detective Story
The Man with a Secret: A Novel
Spices and How to Know Them
The Peacock of Jewels
Index for Works of Harold Frederic: Hyperlinks to All Chapters of All Individual Ebooks
On Sameness and Identity: A Psychological Study: Being a Contribution to the Foundations of a Theory of Knowledge
Sun and Shadow in Spain
Life on the Congo
The Seventy's Course in Theology, Fifth Year: Divine Immanence and the Holy Ghost
Thackeray's London: a description of his haunts and the scenes of his novels
The Close of the Middle Ages, 1272-1494, 3rd Ed.
The Princess Sonia
Islam
True Love: A Story of English Domestic Life
The Boy Fortune Hunters in Yucatan
The Evacuation of England: The Twist in the Gulf Stream
After the Manner of Men
Observations on the Terataspis grandis, Hall, the largest known trilobite
Rocks and Their Origins
A happy half-century, and other essays
The mill of silence
The adventure of the broad arrow: An Australian romance
A Christmas snowflake: a rhyme for children
Horrors of vaccination exposed and illustrated: $b Petition to the President to abolish compulsory vaccination in Army and Navy
The negro: the southerner's problem
Counter-currents
The Bible object book : $b A book of object lessons which are different, written in plain English and in common words
Lake country sketches
Pinocchio under the sea
The fog princes
As many as touched Him
Colonial days in old New York
The principles and practice of modern surgery
Transplanted : $b A novel
The mill house mystery
Robert Boyle : $b A biography
The Complete Works of Brann, the Iconoclast — Volume 01
Little Masterpieces of Autobiography: Actors
Sister Songs: An Offering to Two Sisters
Oscar Wilde, His Life and Confessions — Volume 1
Yvette
Starr King in California
Justice in the By-Ways, a Tale of Life
The Great Intendant : A Chronicle of Jean Talon in Canada, 1665-1672
The Four Epochs of Woman's Life; A Study in Hygiene
Heroic Romances of Ireland, Translated into English Prose and Verse — Volume 2
The Law-Breakers and Other Stories
A Doctor of the Old School — Volume 2
The Widow O'Callaghan's Boys
Delia Blanchflower
Wild Kitty
The House of Cobwebs and Other Stories
Darrel of the Blessed Isles
Sydney Smith
Saracinesca
The Liberation of Italy, 1815-1870
Sister Teresa
An Account of the Battle of Chateauguay: Being a Lecture Delivered at Ormstown, March 8th, 1889
Sword and crozier, drama in five acts
Rabbi Saunderson
The Miraculous Revenge
The Missing Merchantman
The Black Wolf Pack
The Panama Canal Conflict between Great Britain and the United States of America: A Study
The Blot on the Kaiser's 'Scutcheon
The Christmas Miracle: 1911
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great, Volume 7: Little Journeys to the Homes of Eminent Orators
A Big Temptation
A Bibliography of the writings in Prose and Verse of George Henry Borrow
Sonny Boy
A Princess in Calico
A Secret of the Lebombo
John Ames, Native Commissioner: A Romance of the Matabele Rising
The Perfume of Eros: A Fifth Avenue Incident
Dr. Lavendar's People
She's All the World to Me
Lodges in the Wilderness
War's Brighter Side: The Story of The Friend Newspaper Edited by the Correspondents with Lord Roberts's Forces, March-April, 1900
Lord Loveland Discovers America
Frivolities, Especially Addressed to Those Who Are Tired of Being Serious
Field Mice as Farm and Orchard Pests
The Evening Hours
Sport in the Crimea and Caucasus
Under Orders: The story of a young reporter
The Mentor: American Landscape Painters, Vol. 1, Num. 26, Serial No. 26
Brighter Britain! (Volume 2 of 2): or Settler and Maori in Northern New Zealand
Among the Burmans: A Record of Fifteen Years of Work and its Fruitage
Life of David W. Patten, the First Apostolic Martyr
Those Brewster Children
A Bitter Heritage: A Modern Story of Love and Adventure
The Land of Bondage: A Romance
Servants of Sin: A Romance
The Speculations of John Steele
Billy To-morrow Stands the Test
The Great Pearl Secret
Eric's Book of Beasts
Palæontological Report of the Princeton Scientific Expedition of 1877
Charles Darwin and the Theory of Natural Selection
Born to Good Luck; or The Boy Who Succeeded.
A corner in corn; or, How a Chicago boy did the trick
The secret in the hill
Pastiche and prejudice
Loved you better than you knew
The feather symbol in ancient Hopi designs
Outline-history of Greek religion
Leaves from a middy's log
Aunt Patty's paying guests
Old English colour prints
Rezanov
Malvina of Brittany
Tommy and Co.
Addresses by Henry Drummond
Robert Louis Stevenson
Fifty Famous Fables
As a Matter of Course
Björnstjerne Björnson, 1832-1910
Via Crucis: A Romance of the Second Crusade
The Iron Woman
Poets of the South: A Series of Biographical and Critical Studies with Typical Poems, Annotated
Widger's Quotes and Images from The Ink Stain by René Bazin: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
New Comedies
Whosoever Shall Offend
Shakespeare Study Programs; The Comedies
For the Faith: A Story of the Young Pioneers of Reformation in Oxford
Bears I Have Met—and Others
The Bradys and the Girl Smuggler; Or, Working for the Custom House
Lyra Frivola
The Story of a Summer: Or, Journal Leaves from Chappaqua
Strangers at Lisconnel
The Outcasts
The Opinions of a Philosopher
Nell, of Shorne Mills : $b or, One heart's burden
P'laski's Tunament: 1891
Across the Spanish Main: A Tale of the Sea in the Days of Queen Bess
The Strange Adventure of James Shervinton: 1902
The Countess of Albany
The Project Gutenberg Works of Joseph Conrad: An Index
A Manifest Destiny
Renaissance Fancies and Studies: Being a Sequel to Euphorion
The Lords of the Ghostland: A History of the Ideal
The Land of Long Ago
Camping at Cherry Pond
Dorrien of Cranston
A New Medley of Memories
The Phantoms of the Foot-Bridge, and Other Stories
Theology and the Social Consciousness: A Study of the Relations of the Social Consciousness to Theology (2nd ed.)
Steve P. Holcombe, the Converted Gambler: His Life and Work
The Fourth Estate, vol. 2
Mr Punch's Model Music Hall Songs and Dramas: Collected, Improved and Re-arranged from Punch
A Desperate Voyage
The Twickenham Peerage
The Mentor: Holland, v. 2, Num. 6, Serial No. 58: May 1, 1914
Trooper 3809: A Private Soldier of the Third Republic
Life of Wm. Tecumseh Sherman.: Late Retired General. U. S. A.
The Sunlit Hours
Girls New and Old
Vital Records of the Town of Auburn, (Formerly Ward), Massachusetts, To the end of the year 1850: With the Inscriptions from the Old Burial Grounds
The Gospel: An Exposition of its First Principles: Revised and Enlarged Edition
The Admiral: A Romance of Nelson in the Year of the Nile
The Wiving of Lance Cleaverage
Little Rivers: A Book of Essays in Profitable Idleness
In Various Moods: Poems and Verses
The Celtic Christianity of Cornwall: Divers Sketches and Studies
A Creature of the Night: An Italian Enigma
The Boy Fortune Hunters in the South Seas
A Text-book of Paper-making
Doodles, the Sunshine Boy
The Girl of the Golden West
Great Men as Prophets of a New Era
Adventures in Silence
The Daughter of a Soldier: A Colleen of South Ireland
The Body at Work: A Treatise on the Principles of Physiology
Magna Carta, and Other Addresses
The Dazzling Miss Davison
Massasoit's Town Sowams in Pokanoket, Its History Legends and Traditions
The Phantom Rider; or The Giant Chief's Fate: A tale of the old Dahcotah country
Rubber Hand Stamps and the Manipulation of Rubber: A practical treatise on the manufacture of India rubber hand stamps, small articles of India rubber, the hektograph, special inks, cements, and allied subjects
The quilt of happiness; Creeping Jenny; and other New England stories
Harriet Beecher Stowe: a biography for girls
Training Infantry
The wizard's cave
Under dispute
Mabel's mishap
Aberdeenshire
From the Memoirs of a Minister of France
The Heart's Highway: A Romance of Virginia in the Seventeenth Century
The Pagans
The ride to the lady, and other poems
My Days of Adventure: The Fall of France, 1870-71
A Woman of the World: Her Counsel to Other People's Sons and Daughters
The Case and the Girl
Four Psalms XXIII. XXXVI. LII. CXXI.: Interpreted for practical use
Stray Thoughts for Girls
The House of Rimmon: A Drama in Four Acts
All Round the Year
Adam Johnstone's Son
A Summer Evening's Dream: 1898
In Search of El Dorado
How The Raven Died: 1902, From "Wolfville Nights"
Betty Vivian: A Story of Haddo Court School
The Young Alaskans in the Rockies
Memoranda Sacra
The Works of Robert Louis Stevenson - Swanston Edition, Vol. 12
The Vision of Elijah Berl
Magda: A Play in Four Acts
Dr. Rumsey's patient : $b a very strange story
Practical Politics; or, the Liberalism of To-day
Mrs. Tree's Will
At Start and Finish
To Leeward
The Christian Doctrine of Hell
Arethusa
The Strength of the "Mormon" Position
Dick Darling's Money; or, The Rise of an Office Boy; and Other Stories
Southern Hearts
The Mentor: The Contest for North America, Vol. 1, No. 35, Serial No. 35: The Story of America in Pictures
Huxley and education: Address at the Opening of the College Year, Columbia University, September 28, 1910
A History of Sinai
The Man: A Story of To-day
The Mentor: The Yosemite Valley, Vol 4, Num. 16, Serial No. 116, October 2, 1916
Life of Frederick Marryat
Farmington
The Redemption of Kenneth Galt
The Senator's Bride
In the Sixties
Squib and His Friends
The Christiana Riot and the Treason Trials of 1851: An Historical Sketch
Fresco Painting
6,000 Tons of Gold
Hunting Reminiscences
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of M. M. Mangasarian
Through Afro-America: An English Reading of the Race Problem
The Master of Man: The Story of a Sin
Babes of the Empire: An alphabet for young England
At the Sign of the Fox: A Romance
The Lake of Wine
A Tragic Idyl
Child Life and Sex Hygiene: A Remarkable Message
Tiberius the Tyrant
A Lucky Deal; or The 'Cutest Boy in Wall Street
Parts of Speech: Essays on English
The End of Elfintown
The bushwhackers & other stories
Six modern women: Psychological sketches
Dr. Vermont's fantasy, and other stories
Letters to a daughter
Shakespeare's treatment of love & marriage, and other essays
The amulet: A novel
Handbook of Old Burial Hill, Plymouth, Massachusetts: $b its history, its famous dead, and its quaint epitaphs
Additional mounds of Duval and of Clay counties, Florida; Mound investigation on the east coast of Florida; Certain Florida coast mounds north of the St. Johns river
The white countess
Industrial and commercial South America
Points of friction
The Way to Peace
Fanny and the Servant Problem
Hildegarde's Neighbors
By Rock and Pool on an Austral Shore, and Other Stories
Missing
The Thirsty Sword: A Story of the Norse Invasion of Scotland (1262-1263)
The Birth-Time of the World and Other Scientific Essays
The Religious Life of the Zuñi Child
The Portion of Labor
Chums in Dixie; or, The Strange Cruise of a Motorboat
The Sheriff and His Partner
Laramie Holds the Range
A Chilhowee Lily: 1911
Reminiscences of a South African Pioneer
Through Veld and Forest: An African Story
Three Women
The Princess Virginia
Beyond the Frontier: A Romance of Early Days in the Middle West
God and the World: A Survey of Thought
Hymns from the Greek Office Books: Together with Centos and Suggestions
The Triumph of Hilary Blachland
Campmates: A Story of the Plains
Golden Face: A Tale of the Wild West
Masters of French Music
Historic Waterways—Six Hundred Miles of Canoeing Down the Rock, Fox, and Wisconsin Rivers
The red cockade
The Woman with One Hand, and Mr. Ely's Engagement
Moth and Rust; Together with Geoffrey's Wife and The Pitfall
In the West Country
China in America: A study in the social life of the Chinese in the eastern cities of the United States
Afternoon
The Pioneer Boys of the Missouri; or, In the Country of the Sioux
Tobias Smollett
Dr. Elsie Inglis
Annabel: A Novel for Young Folks
Printing in Relation to Graphic Art
Observations of a Naturalist in the Pacific Between 1896 and 1899, Volume 2: Plant-Dispersal
The Prophet's Mantle
The Story of Duciehurst: A Tale of the Mississippi
The British Interned in Switzerland
The Status of the Jews in Egypt: The Fifth Arthur Davis Memorial Lecture
The Corner House
Social-Democracy and Woman Suffrage: A Paper Read by Clara Zetkin to the Conference of Women Belonging to the Social-Democratic Party Held at Mannheim, Before the Opening of the Annual Congress of the German Social-Democracy
House Flies
The Siwash, Their Life, Legends, and Tales: Puget Sound and Pacfic Northwest
My Experiences at Nan Shan and Port Arthur with the Fifth East Siberian Rifles
The Tariff in Our Times
Going West
France from Behind the Veil: Fifty Years of Social and Political Life
Cottage Folk
Mancala, the National Game of Africa
Lives of Two Cats
The Loom of the Desert
All for Love; or, Her Heart's Sacrifice
Mona Maclean, Medical Student: A Novel
Coal and the coal mines
Archeological investigations in New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah
The natives of British Central Africa
The ascendancy of France, 1598-1715
A Cathedral Courtship
The Experiences of a Bandmaster
Veranilda
Will Warburton
State of the Union Addresses
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 05 : Lights and shadows of the South
Hello, Boys!
Songs out of Doors
In Old Kentucky
The Living Present
What Necessity Knows
Princess
Biology : $b A lecture delivered at Columbia University in the series on Science, Philosophy and Art November 20, 1907
The Starbucks
The Cruise of the Nonsuch Buccaneer
Sir Walter Scott: A Lecture at the Sorbonne
The House: An Episode in the Lives of Reuben Baker, Astronomer, and of His Wife, Alice
To Whom This May Come: 1898
And Judas Iscariot: Together with other evangelistic addresses
The Children of Wilton Chase
The Little Clown
The History of the European Fauna
Russian Life To-day
The Mammals of Washtenaw County, Michigan: Occasional Papers of the Museum of Zoology, No. 123
Ti-Ti-Pu: A Boy of Red River
In Paths of Peril: A Boy's Adventures in Nova Scotia
Verotchka's Tales
A Duel
A Second Coming
From Veldt Camp Fires
Lord John in New York
My Lady Rotha: A Romance
Russia: Its People and Its Literature
How Robin Hood Once Was a Wait: A Miracle Play or Christmas Masque
Talks on Writing English. First Series
Fables
The Last Days of Pekin
Songs of love and empire
The Mystical Element of Religion, as studied in Saint Catherine of Genoa and her friends, Volume 2 (of 2)
The Mentor: Joan of Arc, v. 3, Num. 22, Serial No. 98, January 1, 1916
A Gray Eye or So. In Three Volumes—Volume I
The Hispaniola Plate (1683-1893)
The Land of Cockayne: A Novel
Chess Generalship, Vol. I. Grand Reconnaissance
The Gentleman Who Vanished: A Psychological Phantasy
Mimi's Marriage
Climate and Health in Hot Countries and the Outlines of Tropical Climatology: A Popular Treatise on Personal Hygiene in the Hotter Parts of the World, and on the Climates That Will Be Met Within Them.
The Amazing Years
The Camp Fire Boys at Log Cabin Bend; Or, Four Chums Afoot in the Tall Timber
The City of Comrades
David Vallory
A history of Canada, 1763-1812
Isola; or, The disinherited: A revolt for woman and all the disinherited
Signalling across space without wires: being a description of the work of Hertz & his successors
Moll Davis: a comedy
The dawn in Russia
Indian types of beauty
The White Mail
The evolution of religion : $b An anthropological study
Arab and Druze at home : $b A record of travel and intercourse with the peoples east of the Jordan
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 04 (of 10)
Playwrights on playmaking : $b and other studies of the stage
A Second Book of Operas
A Life's Morning
State of the Union Addresses
The Sea Fogs
Doctor Therne
History of American Literature
The Master of Silence: A Romance
The Red Flower: Poems Written in War Time
Harvest
A Dream of the North Sea
Americans and Others
The Vitalized School
Two Suffolk Friends
The Squire: An Original Comedy in Three Acts
The Cold Snap: 1898
How It All Came Round
Love at Paddington
The Sign of the Spider
The Wooing of Calvin Parks
Niagara: An Aboriginal Center of Trade
Stories That End Well
Victorian Ode for Jubilee Day, 1897
Fordham's Feud
Harriet Martineau
The History of the Post Office in British North America
Stories of the Badger State
Disease in plants
Violet Forster's Lover
On the Lightship
Millais
A London Baby: The Story of King Roy
Master Reynard: The History of a Fox
An Introduction to the Study of Meteorites: With a List of the Meteorites Represented in the Collection
Kate Greenaway
Tamawaca Folks: A Summer Comedy
Grace O'Malley, Princess and Pirate
Daireen. Complete
Cupid of Campion
Farewell Love! A Novel
Little Snap the Postboy; Or, Working for Uncle Sam
The Black Patch
In Our Convent Days
"Erb"
The Mikado Jewel
Throne-Makers
Wayside and Woodland Blossoms: A Pocket Guide to British Wild-flowers for the Country Rambler
My Young Master: A Novel
The Desire of Life
A Bounty Boy: Being Some Adventures of a Christian Barbarian on an Unpremeditated Trip Round the World
Fantasy: A Novel
Eustace Marchmont: A friend of the people
"The spirit of '76": Some recollections of the artist and the painting
Rhoda of the Underground
Gay Lawless
Captain Kodak : $b A camera story (third edition)
The Cambridge natural history, Vol. 03 (of 10)
Preliminary report on a visit to the Navaho National Monument, Arizona
The Complete Works of Brann, the Iconoclast — Volume 10
They and I
Stories of a Western Town
Here, There and Everywhere
Shallow Soil
A Doctor of the Old School — Volume 5
The Case of Richard Meynell
The Crisis of the Naval War
The Little City of Hope: A Christmas Story
The Colossus: A Novel
Branded
"Sequil"; Or, Things Whitch Aint Finished in the First
Ethics in Service
Robert Hardy's Seven Days: A Dream and Its Consequences
The Rover's Secret: A Tale of the Pirate Cays and Lagoons of Cuba
A Modern Idyll
Elder Conklin
Carried Off: A Story of Pirate Times
A Coin of Edward VII: A Detective Story
The peace negotiations between the governments of the South African Republic and the Orange Free State, and the representatives of the British government, which terminated in the peace concluded at Vereeniging on the 31st May, 1902
Laurus Nobilis: Chapters on Art and Life
The Soul of a People
A Brief Account of Radio-activity
Battle of Fort George: A paper read on March 14th, 1896
The Coast of Bohemia
Dorothy Payne, Quakeress: A Side-Light Upon the Career of 'Dolly' Madison
From Crow-Scaring to Westminster: An Autobiography
The Red Derelict
Songs of Heroic Days
Alter Ego: A Tale
Under One Flag
An Unofficial Patriot
The Colonies, 1492-1750
The Lenape Stone; or, The Indian and the Mammoth
Monk
Tourmalin's Time Cheques
The Mentor: Spain and Gibraltar, Vol. 1, Num. 31, Serial No. 31, September 15, 1913
Proof-Reading: A Series of Essays for Readers and Their Employers, and for Authors and Editors
A Georgian Pageant
The Book of the Hamburgs: A Brief Treatise upon the Mating, Rearing and Management of the Different Varieties of Hamburgs
Billy To-morrow's Chums
The Crimson Cryptogram: A Detective Story
The Rainbow Feather
History of the Transformer
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Alfred Henry Lewis
John Lackland
A Glance at the Past and Present of the Negro: An Address
The Open Window: Tales of the Months
Dorymates: A Tale of the Fishing Banks
A Boy's Experience in the Civil War, 1860-1865
A Woman of Yesterday
Dogtown: Being Some Chapters from the Annals of the Waddles Family Set Down in the Language of Housepeople
The British Campaign in France and Flanders—January to July, 1918
"Light Ho, Sir!"
Our Winnie, and The Little Match Girl
Metzerott, Shoemaker
The Master Spirit
Address of Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, delivered at Boston, Mass., Saturday, April 27, 1912
The private life of Henry Maitland: A record dictated by J. H.
Varia
Samuel Butler: A Sketch
Bluebeard; a musical fantasy
The Life Everlasting: A Reality of Romance
California Romantic and Resourceful: A plea for the Collection, Preservation and Diffusion of Information Relating to Pacific Coast History
Siege of Washington, D.C., written expressly for little people
Down the Ravine
The Vagabond and Other Poems from Punch
A Study of Hawthorne
The Philistines
The Elson Readers, Book 5
The Hunt Ball Mystery
Towards the Goal
The Turquoise Cup, and, the Desert
Polly and the Princess
The Winning of the West, Volume 2: From the Alleghanies to the Mississippi, 1777-1783
On the Edge of the War Zone: From the Battle of the Marne to the Entrance of the Stars and Stripes
Heart of Man
Reveries of a Schoolmaster
His Unquiet Ghost: 1911
Many Voices
The business career in its public relations
Robinetta
Mrs. Tree
Donalblane of Darien
The Problem of 'Edwin Drood': A Study in the Methods of Dickens
Between Sun and Sand: A Tale of an African Desert
Abraham Lincoln's Religion
Miss Arnott's Marriage
Fridtjof Nansen: A Book for the Young
Vistas of New York
Angel Unawares: A Story of Christmas Eve
Scamp and I: A Story of City By-Ways
A World of Girls: The Story of a School
The War-Trail Fort: Further Adventures of Thomas Fox and Pitamakan
Wood Carvings in English Churches: I. Stalls and Tabernacle Work. II. Bishop's Thrones and Chancel Chairs.
Polly: A Christmas Recollection
The Last Boer War
On Cambrian and Cumbrian Hills: Pilgrimages to Snowdon and Scafell
Countess Vera; or, The Oath of Vengeance
Isla Heron
John Stevens' Courtship: A Story of the Echo Canyon War
Fourth Reader: The Alexandra Readers
A searchlight on Germany: Germany's Blunders, Crimes and Punishment
Little Homespun
A Prince to Order
The Summit House Mystery; Or, The Earthly Purgatory
Secrets of the Bosphorus
The Disappearing Eye
Mixed Grill
The Jewel House: An Account of the Many Romances Connected with the Royal Regalia: Together with Sir Gilbert Talbot's Account of Colonel Blood's Plot
An Irish Cousin; vol. 2/2
Moonglade
Billy Whiskers at the Circus
A Whaleman's Wife
Our Lady of Darkness
Joan Haste
"1914"
The Woman of Knockaloe: A Parable
The Missionary Sheriff: Being incidents in the life of a plain man who tried to do his duty
A Modern Slavery
The Residuary Legatee; Or, The Posthumous Jest of the Late John Austin
Snap: A legend of the Lone Mountain
1812: A tale of Cape Cod
Three Acres and Liberty
A Tramp Through the Bret Harte Country
The Awakening of Helena Richie
An American Politician: A Novel
Practice Book, Leland Powers School
People of the Whirlpool: From The Experience Book of a Commuter's Wife
The Purchase Price; Or, The Cause of Compromise
The Touchstone of Fortune: Being the Memoir of Baron Clyde, Who Lived, Thrived, and Fell in the Doleful Reign of the So-called Merry Monarch, Charles II
A Christmas Sermon
The Stewardship of the Soil: Baccalaureate Address by John Henry Worst, President, North Dakota Agricultural College
American Lutheranism, Volume 2: The United Lutheran Church (General Synod, General Council, United Synod in the South)
James Cutbush, an American Chemist, 1788-1823
The Rider in Khaki: A Novel
The Gospel of the Hereafter
The League of Nations and Its Problems: Three Lectures
The Island House: A Tale for the Young Folks
Ruby at School
The Fire Trumpet: A Romance of the Cape Frontier
"As Gold in the Furnace" : A College Story
Scarlett of the Mounted
The Geography of the Region about Devil's Lake and the Dalles of the Wisconsin: With Some Notes on Its Surface Geology
International Law
The Schoolmistress: A Farce in Three Acts
Nursery Comedies: Twelve Tiny Plays for Children
Patty's Perversities
The Golden-Breasted Kootoo, and Other Stories
The Mentor: The Mediterranean, Vol. 1, Num. 39, Serial No. 39, November 10, 1913
After the Pardon
Disraeli: A Study in Personality and Ideas
The White Room
The Blue Duchess
The Boy Fortune Hunters in Egypt
Irrigation works : $b the principles on which their design and working should be based, with special details relating to Indian canals and some proposed improvements
Lauds and libels
Index for Works of Willis George Emerson: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
An Irish Cousin; vol. 1/2
The World Above: A Duologue
Portland, Oregon, A.D. 1999, and other sketches
A Nation in the Loom: The Scandinavian Fibre in Our Social Fabric: An Address by Rev. R. A. Jernberg
J. Comyns Carr: Stray Memories, by His Wife
Christmas on Wheels
Progress in the household
The Origin and Ideals of the Modern School
Let Us Kiss and Part; or, A Shattered Tie
Ealing and Its Vicinity
British Campaigns in Flanders 1690-1794: Being Extracts from "A History of the British Army"
Perfection City
Types of prehistoric Southwestern architecture
The Katcina altars in Hopi worship
The revolt in Arabia
The four Corners in camp
Marm Lisa
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 07 : Along the Rocky Range
Vergilius: A Tale of the Coming of Christ
Jane Field: A Novel
A Woman for Mayor: A Novel of To-day
The Colonial Mortuary Bard; "'Reo," The Fisherman; and The Black Bream of Australia: 1901
The Bradys Beyond Their Depth; Or, The Great Swamp Mystery
Morituri: Three One-Act Plays: Teja—Fritzchen—The Eternal Masculine
Abraham Lincoln's Cardinal Traits;: A Study in Ethics, with an Epilogue Addressed to Theologians
Special Method in the Reading of Complete English Classics: In the Grades of the Common School
David's Little Lad
The Harlequin Opal: A Romance. Vol. 3 (of 3)
Gulf and Glacier; or, The Percivals in Alaska
Gardens of the Caribbees, v. 2/2: Sketches of a Cruise to the West Indies and the Spanish Main
Sinopah, the Indian Boy
Lancaster's Choice
On the Ethics of Naturalism
Firemen and Their Exploits: With some account of the rise and development of fire-brigades, of various appliances for saving life at fires and extinguishing the flames.
Glaciers of the Rockies and Selkirks, 2nd. ed.: With Notes on Five Great Glaciers of the Canadian National Parks
Initiative in Evolution
Pre-Raphaelite and other Poets
Monsieur Judas: A Paradox
The Weird Adventures of Professor Delapine of the Sorbonne
Small Talk at Wreyland. Second Series
American Masters of Painting: Being Brief Appreciations of Some American Painters
The Belt of Seven Totems: A Story of Massasoit
The Evolution of Worlds
A Cruel Enigma
Our Show: A Humorous Account of the International Exposition in Honor of the Centennial Anniversary of American Independence, from Inception to Completion, Including Description of Buildings, Biographies of Managers, Receptions of Foreign Dignitaries, Opening Ceremonies, Poem, Oration, Amusing Survey of All Departments, Incidents, Etc., Etc.
The Automaton Ear, and Other Sketches
Love conquers pride; or, Where peace dwelt
Little Willie
Address of President Roosevelt at St. Louis, Missouri, October 2, 1907
The profanity of paint
Forge and furnace: A novel
On a lark to the planets: A sequel to "The wonderful electric elephant"
Gilead Balm, knight errant : $b His adventures in search of the truth
The story of Santa Klaus : $b Told for children of all ages from six to sixty
By-paths in Hebraic bookland
A lady in black
The modern packing house : $b A complete treatise on the design, construction, equipment and operation of meat packing houses, according to present American praactice, including methods of converting by-products into commercial articles
A Preliminary Revision of the North American Species of Cactus, Anhalonium, and Lophophora
The Ruby of Kishmoor
A Treatise on the Six-Nation Indians
China
The Avalanche: A Mystery Story
The Habitant and Other French-Canadian Poems
The Mystery of the Four Fingers
The Primadonna: A Sequel to "Fair Margaret"
Deadham Hard: A Romance
Quiet Talks with World Winners
Muslin
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall
A Sea Queen's Sailing
Jerome, A Poor Man: A Novel
The Danvers Jewels, and Sir Charles Danvers
The American Revolution and the Boer War, An Open Letter to Mr. Charles Francis Adams on His Pamphlet "The Confederacy and the Transvaal"
For Love of the King: A Burmese Masque
"Five-Head" Creek; and Fish Drugging in the Pacific: 1901
Âmona; The Child; And The Beast; And Others: From "The Strange Adventure of James Shervinton, and Other Stories" - 1902
Under False Pretences: A Novel
An Unknown Lover
Iolanthe's Wedding
The Pace That Kills: A Chronicle
The Red Miriok
The Deemster
The Hearts of Men
A Woman Perfected
Railroad Accidents, Their Cause and Prevention
The Bushranger's Secret
Practical Graining, with Description of Colors Employed and Tools Used
Wintering in the Riviera: With Notes of Travel in Italy and France, and Practical Hints to Travellers
Psychologies
Frank Armstrong at Queens
Poems in Many Lands
The Harvest of Ruskin
The Key Note: A Novel
The Story of Live Dolls
Monica: A Novel, Volume 3 (of 3)
The Inevitable Crimes of Celibacy: The Vices of Convents and Monasteries, Priests and Nuns
More Stories of Married Life
"My Merry Rockhurst": Being Some Episodes in the Life of Viscount Rockhurst, a Friend of King Charles the Second, and at One Time Constable of His Majesty's Tower of London
Colour Decoration of Architecture
The Story of Spanish Painting
American Masters of Sculpture: Being Brief Appreciations of Some American Sculptors and of Some Phases of Sculpture in America
The Life of Gen. Robert E. Lee, for Children, in Easy Words
How Salvator Won, and Other Recitations
Two years in the French West Indies
Hope Farm Notes
Mignon; or, Bootles' Baby
The British Campaign in France and Flanders, 1915
White Cockades: An Incident of the "Forty-Five"
Count Zarka: A Romance
Address of President Roosevelt at the laying of the corner stone of the office building of the House of Representatives, Saturday, April 14, 1906
A rogue's tragedy
Prehistoric villages, castles, and towers of southwestern Colorado
The Wellfields: A novel. Vol. 2 of 3
Around the world in eighty minutes: Photographic reproductions of the most magnificent edifices, the most interesting remains and the most beautiful scenes on the earth's surface
The new northland
Meg of the heather
Little Miss Oddity
A heroine of 1812 : $b A Maryland romance
A Village Stradivarius
Yesterdays
Widger's Quotes and Images from Cosmopolis by Paul Bourget: The French Immortals: Quotes And Images
Life in the Roman World of Nero and St. Paul
Quiet Talks on John's Gospel
George Borrow: A Sermon Preached in Norwich Cathedral on July 6, 1913
The Right Knock: A Story
Susâni: 1901
A Lover's Litanies
The Boy Broker; Or, Among the Kings of Wall Street
Elementary Theosophy
The American Church Dictionary and Cyclopedia
Twentieth Century Inventions: A Forecast
The educated Negro and his mission
Bear Brownie: The Life of a Bear
The Sources of Religious Insight
A Witch of the Hills, v. 2 [of 2]
Vagaries
Salvation Syrup; Or, Light On Darkest England
Wit and Humor of the Bible: A Literary Study
The English Lakes
Immortal Songs of Camp and Field: The Story of their Inspiration together with Striking Anecdotes connected with their History
Patience Sparhawk and Her Times: A Novel
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Irving Bacheller
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charles A. Eastman
Wild Life at the Land's End: Observations of the Habits and Haunts of the Fox, Badger, Otter, Seal, Hare and of Their Pursuers in Cornwall
Mary Louise Adopts a Soldier
Dick and Larry: Freshmen
The Glad Tidings
Billy Whiskers in France
Personal Experiences During the Chicago Fire, 1871
Billy Whiskers Out for Fun
Cavalry Curt; Or, The Wizard Scout of the Army
A Copper Harvest; or, The Boys who Worked a Deserted Mine
Deeds of Daring Done by Girls
Gerald Eversley's Friendship: A Study in Real Life
John Sobieski: Lothian prize essay for 1881
The Wellfields: A novel. Vol. 1 of 3
The great fraud of Ulster
The gospel object book : $b A hand-book on object teaching for ministers, teachers of children and adults
By Reef and Palm
Ideala
Out of the Fog: A Story of the Sea
A Doctor of the Old School — Volume 3
The Irrational Knot: Being the Second Novel of His Nonage
Keeping up with Lizzie
D'Ri and I: A Tale of Daring Deeds in the Second War with the British.: Being the Memoirs of Colonel Ramon Bell, U.S.A.
The Jericho Road
The Inner Shrine
Lancashire Idylls (1898)
The Blossoming Rod
The South and the National Government
The After-glow of a Great Reign: Four Addresses Delivered in St. Paul's Cathedral
Joy in Service; Forgetting, and Pressing Onward; Until the Day Dawn
At Pinney's Ranch: 1898
Old Ebenezer
Frances Kane's Fortune
Penelope's Progress: Being Such Extracts from the Commonplace Book of Penelope Hamilton As Relate to Her Experiences in Scotland
George Brown
Eden: An Episode
Oscar Wilde: An Idler's Impression
A Transient Guest, and Other Episodes
The Joy of Living (Es lebe das Leben): A Play in Five Acts
Honor: A Play in Four Acts
The Silent Mill
The Balkan Wars: 1912-1913: Second Edition
For the Cause
The First Seven Divisions: Being a Detailed Account of the Fighting from Mons to Ypres
The Harlequin Opal: A Romance. Vol. 2 (of 3)
The Life of a Regimental Officer During the Great War, 1793-1815
Views of St. Paul's Cathedral, London
On Sulphonfluoresceïn and Some of Its Derivatives
The Campaign of Königgrätz: A Study of the Austro-Prussian Conflict in the Light of the American Civil War
Sam Steele's Adventures in Panama
The Red Bicycle
Letters from the Raven: Correspondence of L. Hearn with Henry Watkin
Marsena, and Other Stories of the Wartime
Guide to Historic Plymouth: Localities and Objects of Interest
The Literary Shop, and Other Tales
Baum's Complete Stamp Dealers Directory: Containing a Complete List of All Dealers in the United States, Together with the Principal Ones of Europe, and a List of Philatelic Publications
Londinium, Architecture and the Crafts
Recollections: The Reminiscences of the Busy Life of One Who Has Played the Varied Parts of Sailor, Author & Lecturer
Address of President Roosevelt at the Lincoln dinner of the Republican club of the city of New York, Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, February 13, 1905
Slavery in Maryland briefly considered
Gloriana; or, the revolution of 1900
A West Pointer with the Boers: $b personal narrative of Colonel J. Y. F. Blake, commander of the Irish brigade
Submerged forests
The aristocrats : $b being the impressions of the Lady Helen Pole during her sojourn in the Great North Woods as spontaneously recorded in her letters to her friend in North Britain, the Countess of Edge and Ross
The Crimson Blind
The Iron Game: A Tale of the War
Unitarianism
The Return of Peter Grimm
The Life of Napoleon I (Volume 2 of 2)
The Story of a Picture
The Investment of Influence: A Study of Social Sympathy and Service
Two Days' Solitary Imprisonment: 1898
"Martin of Nitendi"; and The River of Dreams: 1901
Harley Greenoak's Charge
The Mystery of the Locks
The Golden Rock
Story of the Aeroplane
The Young Sharpshooter at Antietam
Animal Life of the British Isles: A Pocket Guide to the Mammals, Reptiles and Batrachians of Wayside and Woodland
Diego Pinzon and the Fearful Voyage He Took Into the Unknown Ocean A.D. 1492
Woodbarrow Farm: Play in Three Acts
The Tragedy of Fotheringay: Founded on the journal of D. Bourgoing, physician to Mary Queen of Scots, and on unpublished ms. documents
Monica: A Novel, Volume 2 (of 3)
For the Defence
Mazeppa
Legends of Fire Island Beach and the South Side
The Republic of the Future; or, Socialism a Reality
St. Patrick, the Father of a Sacred Nation
Through the Casentino with Hints for the Traveller
The Passing of Empire
Sicily in Shadow and in Sun: The Earthquake and the American Relief Work
The Red Chancellor
We Women and Our Authors
The mate of the Vancouver
Sir John Everett Millais
The romance of the Canadian Pacific Railway
Antiquities of the Mesa Verde National Park : $b Spruce-tree House
Historical vignettes, 2nd series
The Alo Man : $b Stories from the Congo
The Grand Canyon of Arizona: How to See It
The Valiant Runaways
Sleeping Fires: a Novel
Rose and Roof-Tree — Poems
Geoffrey Strong
The Story of Louis Riel: The Rebel Chief
Lady Merton, Colonist
The Romance of the Coast
The Silver Crown: Another Book of Fables
The Lion's Mouse
Eatin' Crow; and The Best Man in Garotte
The Lost Guidon: 1911
Spinning Tops: The "Operatives' Lecture" of the British Association Meeting at Leeds, 6th September, 1890
Stories of the Railroad
Fritz to the Front, or, the Ventriloquist Scamp-Hunter
Mariposilla: A Novel
Hermia Suydam
The Mentor: Rembrandt, Vol. 4, Num. 20, Serial No. 120, December 1, 1916
Loughton, Essex: A brief account of the Manor and Parish
The Swan of Vilamorta
Philosophies
The Minority of Henry the Third
The Mystery Queen
The Guardsman
The Bath Comedy
The Purple Fern
The Scarlet Bat: A Detective Story
Mr. Durant of Salt Lake City, "That Mormon"
Lawn-tennis
History of the Post-Office Packet Service between the years 1793-1815: Compiled from Records, Chiefly Official
An Historical Sketch of the Conceptions of Memory among the Ancients
The Raid of Dover: A Romance of the Reign of Woman, A.D. 1940
The Colored Man in the Methodist Episcopal Church
A Girl of High Adventure
Two American Boys in the War Zone
In the Year Ten Thousand
The Glamour of the Arctic
A Courier of Fortune
Address of President Roosevelt on the Occasion of the Laying of the Corner Stone of the Pilgrim Memorial Monument, Provincetown, Massachusetts, August 20, 1907
Nearest the Pole: a narrative of the polar expedition of the Peary Arctic Club in the S.S. Roosevelt, 1905-1906
The Wellfields: A novel. Vol. 3 of 3
Drugs that enslave : $b The opium, morphine, chloral and hashisch habits
The Champlain tercentenary : $b Final report of the New York Lake Champlain tercentenary commission
The strength of love : $b or, Love is lord of all
Pussy Meow : $b The autobiography of a cat
Dot and the Kangaroo
Studies from Court and Cloister: being essays, historical and literary dealing mainly with subjects relating to the XVIth and XVIIth centuries
White Slaves; or, the Oppression of the Worthy Poor
A New Hochelagan Burying-ground Discovered at Westmount on the Western Spur of Mount Royal, Montreal, July-September, 1898
"Colony,"--or "Free State"? "Dependence,"--or "Just Connection"? "Empire,"--or "Union"?
Elsket: 1891
A Young Mutineer
The South Seaman: An Incident in the Sea Story of Australia: 1901
William Adolphus Turnpike
A Beautiful Alien
Sioux Indian Courts: An address delivered by Doane Robinson before the South Dakota Bar Association, at Pierre, South Dakota, January 21, 1909
Good Luck
The Church: Her Books and Her Sacraments
The children of Alsace : $b (Les Oberlés)
The Color Line: A Brief in Behalf of the Unborn
Christmas Stories: Containing John Wildgoose the Poacher, the Smuggler, and Good-nature, or Parish Matters
The Story of a Genius
Love, Worship and Death: Some Renderings from the Greek Anthology
Chippinge Borough
The Missouri Persecutions
Miss Fairfax of Virginia: A Romance of Love and Adventure Under the Palmettos
Our Cavalry
Miriam: A Tale of Pole Moor and the Greenfield Hills
The Life Story of an Otter
The Yellow Holly
Fifty Years of Freedom: with matters of vital importance to both the white and colored people of the United States
The Lost Parchment: A Detective Story
The Lady from Nowhere: A Detective Story
The Silver Fox
Looking Back
Lichens
The Family Letters of Oliver Goldsmith: A Paper Read Before the Bibliographical Society, October 15th, 1917
Sewage Disposal on the Farm, and Protection of Drinking Water
Pat the Lighthouse Boy
Across the Chasm
An Expedition to Mount St. Elias, Alaska
English Cathedrals Illustrated: Second and Revised Edition
Lettres d'un Innocent: The Letters of Captain Dreyfus to His Wife
The Crystal Cup
Boy Scouts at Sea; Or, A Chronicle of the B. S. S. Bright Wing
A Whirl Asunder
The Crime of Henry Vane: A Study with a Moral
Address of President Roosevelt at Canton, Ohio, September 30, 1907
Engineers and their triumphs: the story of the locomotive, the steamship, bridge building, tunnel making
Sanitation in Panama
The Republic of Costa Rica
Modern daughters : $b Conversations with various American girls and one man
Pittsburgh : $b a sketch of its early social life
A mediaeval burglary : $b A lecture delivered at the John Rylands Library on the 20th January, 1915
The spirit of American sculpture
Port Sunlight : $b a record of its artistic & pictorial aspect
The Town Traveller
The Life and Adventures of Maj. Roger Sherman Potter
The Heart of Rome: A Tale of the "Lost Water"
Elder Conklin and Other Stories
Widger's Quotes and Images from Madame Chrysantheme by Pierre Loti: The French Immortals: Quotes and Images
Paris War Days: Diary of an American
The Winning of the West, Volume 4: Louisiana and the Northwest, 1791-1807
Pembroke: A Novel
Enter Bridget
The Making of Mary
The Unruly Sprite: A Partial Fairy Tale
Bessie Costrell
The High Calling
The Truth About Tristrem Varick: A Novel
The Bradys' Chinese Clew; Or, The Secret Dens of Pell Street
The Red Window
Turquoise and Ruby
The Pioneer Trail
The Price of Blood: An Extravaganza of New York Life in 1807
The Coil of Carne
More "Short Sixes"
Suppressed Plates, Wood-engravings, &c.: Together with Other Curiosities Germane Thereto; Being an Account of Certain Matters Peculiarly Alluring to the Collector
Camp Fire Girls in War and Peace
Small Talk at Wreyland. First Series
The Sisters Rondoli, and Other Stories
Companionable Books
Prince Dusty: A Story of the Oil Regions
Poor Blossom: The Story of a Horse
The End: How the Great War Was Stopped. A Novelistic Vagary
Our Irish Theatre: A chapter of autobiography
Mere literature, and other essays
Travels in Nova Scotia in the Year 1913
The English Prison System
A note on the position and extent of the great temple enclosure of Tenochtitlan,: and the position, structure and orientation of the Teocolli of Huitzilopochtli.
Shakespeare and His Love: A Play in Four Acts and an Epilogue
The wooing of Leola
History of anthropology
The silica gel pseudomorph, and other stories
The pennant
Theodore Roosevelt: An Intimate Biography
A Summer in a Canyon: A California Story
Out of the Triangle: A Story of the Far East
My Tropic Isle
Studies in the Life of the Christian: His Faith and His Service
A Doctor of the Old School — Volume 1
Taquisara
Madelon: A Novel
The Red-Blooded Heroes of the Frontier
Science and the Infinite; or, Through a Window in the Blank Wall
Maurine and Other Poems
Hollyhock: A Spirit of Mischief
International Incidents for Discussion in Conversation Classes
A Historical Geography of the British Colonies, Vol. V: Canada—Part I, Historical
The Age of Tennyson
History of the Washington National Monument and of the Washington National Monument Society
Seed Thoughts for Singers
Lays and Legends (Second Series)
Elsket and Other Stories
The Forbidden Room; Or, "Mine Answer was My Deed"
Some Famous Women
Wenonah's Stories for Children
The Clock Struck One
A Son of the State
Daybreak in Turkey: Second Edition
A Christmas Tale: in One Act
In the Morning
In the Cause of Freedom
Aniwee; or, the Warrior Queen: A tale of the Araucanian Indians and the mythical Trauco people
Little Hickory; or, Ragged Rob's young republic
Beautiful but poor
The prey of the strongest
Salome Shepard, reformer
The Grip cartoons: vols. I & II, May 1873 to May 1874
The suppression of tuberculosis: $b Together with observations concerning phthisiogenesis in man and animals and suggestions concerning the hygiene of cow stables and the production of milk for infant-feeding, with special reference to tuberculosis
The Radiant City : $b An Allegory
Sea Mew Abbey
A woman's wanderings and trials during the Anglo-Boer War
The slave trade : $b Slavery and color
Little Miss Mouse
Life of Robert Browning
Imperial Purple
The Art of the Story-Teller
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 04 : Tales of Puritan Land
Our Master: Thoughts for Salvationists about Their Lord
A Beautiful Possibility
Studies in Civics
The Doomswoman: An Historical Romance of Old California
The War of the Wenuses
Hochelagans and Mohawks: A Link in Iroquois History
Lessons of the War: Being Comments from Week to Week to the Relief of Ladysmith
Westerfelt
Who Crosses Storm Mountain?: 1911
William Black: The Apostle of Methodism in the Maritime Provinces of Canada
Olof Krarer, the Esquimaux Lady: A Story of Her Native Home
Succession in the Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
The Snowball
The Third Volume
Outlines of Mormon Philosophy: Or the Answers Given by the Gospel, as Revealed Through the Prophet Joseph Smith, to the Questions of Life
Lady Huntworth's Experiment: An original comedy in three acts
The Mandarin's Fan
The Spider
Jonah's Luck
Poker Jim, Gentleman, and Other Tales and Sketches
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Fergus Hume
Frank Brown, Sea Apprentice
The Sia: (1894 N 11 / 1889-1890 (pages 3-158))
A Perfect Fool: A Novel
The North Shore Mystery
Address of President Roosevelt at Chautauqua, New York, August 11, 1905
Historic doorways of Old Salem
The hermit thrush
A chant of love for England, and other poems
The Iron Star — And What It Saw on Its Journey Through the Ages: From Myth to History
A Boy's Ride
The Puritans
Sir George Tressady — Volume II
The Manor House of Lacolle: A description and historical sketch of the Manoir of the Seigniory; of de Beaujeu of Lacolle
The Children of the King: A Tale of Southern Italy
Armageddon—And After
The last spike, and other railroad stories
The Observations of Henry
Sir Ludar: A Story of the Days of the Great Queen Bess
The Project Gutenberg Works of Hall Caine: An Index
The Casual Ward: Academic and Other Oddments
The Cocoanut: With reference to its products and cultivation in the Philippines
A Ring of Rubies
Michael and His Lost Angel: A Play in Five Acts
Within the Capes
The Life and Labors of Elias Hicks
The Silent Shore: A Romance
Intestinal irrigation : $b why, how and when to flush the colon
The Senator's Favorite
A Fortnight at the Front
The Story of André Cornélis
Captain Balaam of the 'Cormorant', and other sea comedies
Memoirs of a millionaire
First harvests : $b An episode in the life of Mrs. Levison Gower : A satire without a moral
Tusayan katcinas
Loaves and fishes
In old Narragansett; romances and realities
Beryl's triumph
The Sceptics of the Old Testament: Job - Koheleth - Agur
Helbeck of Bannisdale — Volume I
The Trade Union Woman
Thankful Rest
The Sign of the Red Cross: A Tale of Old London
The Cruise of the Thetis: A Tale of the Cuban Insurrection
The Story of Garfield: Farm-boy, Soldier, and President
A Broader Mission for Liberal Education: Baccalaureate Address, Delivered in Agricultural College Chapel, Sunday June 9, 1901
Science and Morals and Other Essays
The Americans in the South Seas: 1901
How to Cook Husbands
The Missionary
The Bountiful Lady: Or, How Mary was changed from a very Miserable Little Girl to a very Happy One
The Future of International Law
The Little Vanities of Mrs. Whittaker: A Novel
Luck at the Diamond Fields
Deadwood Dick Jr. Branded; or, Red Rover at Powder Pocket.
The Black Tortoise: Being the Strange Story of Old Frick's Diamond
Recollections of the Civil War
Clash of Arms: A Romance
Traitor and True: A Romance
Denounced: A Romance
A Legend of Goat Island
The Piccadilly Puzzle: A Mysterious Story
Bobby in Movieland
Jaquelina
The Mystery of Suicide Place
G. A. Selwyn, D.D.: Bishop of New Zealand and Lichfield
The Boy Whaleman
Water Reptiles of the Past and Present
With the Procession
Out of Doors—California and Oregon
The Certainty of a Future Life in Mars: Being the Posthumous Papers of Bradford Torrey Dodd
Miss Bretherton
Thoughts, Moods and Ideals: Crimes of Leisure
A Spray of Kentucky Pine: Placed at the Feet of the Dead Poet James Whitcomb Riley
The Sagebrusher: A Story of the West
The Elements of General Method, Based on the Principles of Herbart
Dickory Dock
Peak and Prairie: From a Colorado Sketch-book
A Bunch of Cherries: A Story of Cherry Court School
Snow on the headlight : $b a story of the great Burlington strike
Vestigia. Vol. I.
Asbeïn: From the Life of a Virtuoso
The King's Stratagem, and Other Stories
The Mentor: Game Birds of America, Vol. 1, Num. 34, Serial No. 34
Wayward Winifred
Table d'Hôte
Bashful Fifteen
Why We Love Lincoln
Fifty years hence: or, What may be in 1943: A prophecy supposed to be based on scientific deductions by an improved graphical method
In the three zones
Rondah; or, thirty-three years in a star
Where England sets her feet: a romance
What America did : $b A record of achievement in the prosecution of the war
The Ink-Stain (Tache d'encre) — Volume 1
Appendicitis: The Etiology, Hygenic and Dietetic Treatment
A Sweet Girl Graduate
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land — Volume 08 : on the Pacific Slope
Comfort Pease and her Gold Ring
American Lutheranism, Volume 1: Early History of American Lutheranism and the Tennessee Synod
The Wizard's Daughter, and Other Stories
Clover and Blue Grass
The Secret of the Sands; Or, The "Water Lily" and her Crew
The Higher Court
The Social Evolution of the Argentine Republic
The Coward Behind the Curtain
Bruno
New England Joke Lore: The Tonic of Yankee Humor
Index for Works of Ruth Ogden: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
The Black Bear
Love in Idleness: A Bar Harbour Tale
Trains of Recollection: Drawn from Fifty Years of Railway Service in Scotland and Canada, and told to Arthur Hawkes
The promotion of the admiral, and other sea comedies
The pot of basil
The biography of a baby
The Pardoner's Wallet
The Englishman and Other Poems
Annette, the Metis Spy: A Heroine of the N.W. Rebellion
Wanderings by Southern Waters, Eastern Aquitaine
Yolanda: Maid of Burgundy
Ringfield: A Novel
European Fungus Flora: Agaricaceae
Reasonableness of Catholic Ceremonies and Practices
"O Thou, My Austria!"
Thy Sea is Great, Our Boats are Small, and Other Hymns of To-Day
The Potter and the Clay
Across the Salt Seas: A Romance of the War of Succession
The Bradys' Race for Life; or, Rounding Up a Tough Trio: A Detective Story of Life
Confessions of a Railroad Signalman
Rev. T. Connellan, to his dearly beloved brethren, the Roman Catholics of the diocese of Elphin
Recollections and impressions of James A. McNeill Whistler
The passing of the great Queen: A tribute to the noble life of Victoria Regina
George Romney
The story of Fifine
The coat without a seam, and other poems
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of Guy de Maupassant
Cosmopolis — Volume 1
The Ink-Stain (Tache d'encre) — Volume 2
Two Summers in Guyenne: A Chronicle of the Wayside and Waterside
Darkest India: A Supplement to General Booth's "In Darkest England, and the Way Out"
A Few Short Sketches
Potts's Painless Cure: 1898
The Atonement and the Modern Mind
Modern Saints and Seers
Where Strongest Tide Winds Blew
The Mother of St. Nicholas: A Story of Duty and Peril
The Bradys After a Chinese Princess; Or, The Yellow Fiends of 'Frisco
Tom Strong, Lincoln's Scout: A Story of the United States in the Times That Tried Men's Souls
Fortune's My Foe: A Romance
Bramble Brae
The Lone Inn: A Mystery
The Tahquitch Maiden: A Tale of the San Jacintos
A happy New Year, and other verses
The British Campaign in France and Flanders, 1917
Tibby: A novel dealing with psychic forces and telepathy
Torwood's trust : $b A novel (Vol. 1 of 3)
The Audacious War
Under Fire: A Tale of New England Village Life
The Works of Louis Becke: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
Fossil Ice Crystals: An Instance of the Practical Value of "Pure Science"
Vestigia. Vol. II.
Socialism, Revolution and Internationalism
A Little Wizard
British Canals: Is their resuscitation practicable?
The Pink Shop
Battlefield Church, Salop: an historical and descriptive sketch: Together with some account of the battle of Shrewsbury, and foundation of the college or chantry
A Son of Ishmael: A Novel
At the North of Bearcamp Water: Chronicles of a Stroller in New England from July to December
Just sweethearts: A Christmas love story
The book of the child: An attempt to set down what is in the mind of children
The great Skene mystery
Six months on the Italian front
The social center : $b a means of common understanding. An address delivered by the Hon. Woodrow Wilson, Governor of New Jersey, before the First National Conference on Civic and Social Center Development, at Madison, Wis., October 25, 1911
Two Boys and a Fortune; Or, The Tyler Will
The Right of the People to Rule
Love Instigated: The Story of a Carved Ivory Umbrella Handle
Stevenson's Perfect Virtues, as Exemplified by Leigh Hunt
On Strike Till 3
Laid up in Lavender
The Girl and Her Fortune
The Mentor: Painters of Western Life, Vol 3, Num. 9, Serial No. 85, June 15, 1915
Night Operations for Infantry: Compiled for the Use of Company Officers
Under Rocking Skies
The Sealed Message
Education of Women
The weight of the name
The Haliburton primer
The neutral merchant: in relation to the law of contraband of war and blockade under the order in Council of 11th March, 1915
Torwood's trust : $b A novel (Vol. 2 of 3)
Soldiers of the light
Madame Chrysantheme — Volume 2
Madame Chrysantheme — Volume 3
The House Boat Boys; Or, Drifting Down to the Sunny South
The Story of the Little Mamsell
Pâkia: 1901
Sarréo: 1901
The Priestly Vocation: A Series of Fourteen Conferences Addressed to the Secular Clergy
Settling Day
Missing Friends: Being the Adventures of a Danish Emigrant in Queensland (1871-1880)
The Little School-Mothers
The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo
The Turnpike House
Saint Vincent, with notes and publishers' prices
The Renaissance of Girls' Education in England: A Record of Fifty Years' Progress
The Emeryville Shellmound
Address of President Roosevelt at Keokuk, Iowa, October 1, 1907
The heart of the railroad problem: The history of railway discrimination in the United States, the chief efforts at control and the remedies proposed, with hints from other countries
Noto: An Unexplored Corner of Japan
Cosmopolis — Volume 2
The Ink-Stain (Tache d'encre) — Volume 3
Memories of Hawthorne
The Story of Bessie Costrell
The Crucifixion of Philip Strong
The Boy from Hollow Hut: A Story of the Kentucky Mountains
In the Day of Adversity
Marion Darche: A Story Without Comment
A Short History of English Music
Mou-Setsé: A Negro Hero; The Orphans' Pilgimage: A Story of Trust in God
The eleventh hour in the life of Julia Ward Howe
Hiwa: A Tale of Ancient Hawaii
A Living Lie
The Animals' Christmas Tree
The juggler
The Four Canadian Highwaymen; Or, The Robbers of Markham Swamp
A road-book to old Chelsea
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Stanley J. Weyman
Twenty Years on Horseback; or, Itinerating in West Virginia
England under the Angevin Kings, Volume II
Address of the President at the unveiling of the monument to General Sheridan, Wednesday, November 25, 1908
The Lost Word: A Christmas Legend of Long Ago
Mr. Jacobs: A Tale of the Drummer, the Reporter, and the Prestidigitateur
American Thumb-prints: Mettle of Our Men and Women
The Golden Chimney: A Boy's Mine
Address of President Roosevelt on the occasion of the celebration of the hundredth anniversary of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, Hodgenville, Ky., February 12, 1909
Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great - Volume 09: Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Reformers
Miss Hildreth: A Novel, Volume 1
George Meredith: A Study
The Blue Peter: Sea comedies
Her fairy prince
Cosmopolis — Volume 3
Cosmopolis — Volume 4
The Library of Work and Play: Electricity and Its Everyday Uses
Women's Wages
The Theatrocrat: A Tragic Play of Church and Stage
The Third Alarm: A Story of the New York Fire Department
Horizons and landmarks : $b Poems
The Birth of the Telephone
A Practical Novelist
The Dance of Dinwiddie
Address of President Roosevelt at Cairo, Illinois, October 3, 1907
A motley jest : $b Shakespearean diversions
Fourth of July at Punkin Center
Studies in the Poetry of Italy, Part II. Italian
Abraham Lincoln in Our Own County
The Campaign of Marengo, With Comments
Special Method in Primary Reading and Oral Work with Stories
Joe Leslie's Wife; or, a Skeleton in the Closet
Plet: A Christmas Tale of the Wasatch
Miss Hildreth: A Novel, Volume 2
Madame Chrysantheme — Volume 4
The Song of the Flag: A National Ode
Poems
Armenia immolata
The Sirdar's Oath: A Tale of the North-West Frontier
Miss Hildreth: A Novel, Volume 3
The Rights of Labor
The Enchanted April
The Yellow Wallpaper
The King in Yellow
The Souls of Black Folk
Peter Pan
The War of the Worlds
The Elements of Style
The Time Machine
The Reign of Greed
The Jungle Book
The Philippines a Century Hence
Just so stories
The Jewish State
The Sea-Gull
The Tale of Peter Rabbit
The Lady with the Dog and Other Stories
The Invisible Man: A Grotesque Romance
Spoon River Anthology
A Japanese Boy
The Four Million
The Phantom of the Opera
The Age of Innocence
The island of Doctor Moreau
As a Man Thinketh
The Red Room
Half a Man: The Status of the Negro in New York
The Extraordinary Adventures of Arsène Lupin, Gentleman-Burglar
The Social Cancer: A Complete English Version of Noli Me Tangere
Project Gutenberg Compilation of Short Stories by Chekhov
Kim
A woman's trust; or, Lady Elaine's martyrdom : $b a novel
Uncle Vanya: Scenes from Country Life in Four Acts
Old-World Japan: Legends of the Land of the Gods
The Kybalion: A Study of The Hermetic Philosophy of Ancient Egypt and Greece
The Red Record: Tabulated Statistics and Alleged Causes of Lynching in the United States
Latin for Beginners
Arsène Lupin, super-sleuth
Fifteen Thousand Useful Phrases
The Forsyte Saga, Volume I.: The Man Of Property
My Reminiscences
The Gay Cockade
The House of Mirth
The Japanese Spirit
Pollyanna
The Wendigo
The Scarlet Pimpernel
Stories from Tagore
Peter and Wendy
Myths of the Cherokee: Extract from the Nineteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology
Lucia in London
Ethan Frome
The Country of the Blind, and Other Stories
The Junior Classics, Volume 1: Fairy and wonder tales
My further disillusionment in Russia
Palmistry for All
Southern Horrors: Lynch Law in All Its Phases
Herland
Cyrano de Bergerac
English Literature: Its History and Its Significance for the Life of the English-Speaking World
Bushido, the Soul of Japan
The Virginian: A Horseman of the Plains
The Science of Being Well
Out from the heart
The stone age in North America, vol. 1 of 2
Spoon River Anthology
The Monkey's Paw: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 2.
The Suppression of the African Slave Trade to the United States of America: 1638-1870
The Great God Pan
Plays by Anton Chekhov, Second Series
The Science of Getting Rich
The Gift of the Magi
Justice
How to Live on 24 Hours a Day
Darkwater: Voices from Within the Veil
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin
Myths and Legends of China
Rizal's own story of his life
The Outline of History: Being a Plain History of Life and Mankind
The Bet, and other stories
The Art of Public Speaking
The Hungry Stones, and Other Stories
The Tale of Tom Kitten
The Story of Little Black Sambo, and The Story of Little Black Mingo
The Schoolmistress, and Other Stories
A Short History of the World
The Man Who Would Be King
The passing of the great race; or, The racial basis of European history
Many furrows
Tobacco Leaves: Being a Book of Facts for Smokers
Peter Pan
Children well and happy : $b A manual for the Girl's Health League
The Book of Tea
The Romance of Tristan and Iseult
The Protocols and world revolution : $b including a translation and analysis of the "Protocols of the meetings of the Zionist men of wisdom"
The gardener
The Post Office
Monograms & Ciphers
Reuben Stone's discovery : $b or, The young miller of Torrent Bend
Creative Chemistry: Descriptive of Recent Achievements in the Chemical Industries
Age of Innocence
Three studies in literature
The Tale of Benjamin Bunny
Chats with children : $b or, Pearls for young people strung from the word of truth
The Rosary
Tragic Sense Of Life
Beethoven : The story of a little boy who was forced to practice
The Willows
The Story of the Three Little Pigs
Little Wars; a game for boys from twelve years of age to one hundred and fifty and for that more intelligent sort of girl who likes boys' games and books.
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary
The Frontier in American History
Nationalism
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle
The Witch-cult in Western Europe: A Study in Anthropology
The Jungle Book
The Middle Temple Murder
Critical and Historical Essays: Lectures delivered at Columbia University
On Growth and Form
Jim: The Story of a Backwoods Police Dog
The Paradise Mystery
The Life of Reason: The Phases of Human Progress
History of the World War : $b an authentic narrative of the world's greatest war
This Country of Ours
An Old Babylonian Version of the Gilgamesh Epic
Five Years' Explorations at Thebes: A Record of Work Done 1907-1911 by The Earl of Carnarvon and Howard Carter
The Second Jungle Book
Woman: Her Sex and Love Life
The Freelands
The Forsyte Saga, Volume III.: Awakening; To Let
The Indolence of the Filipino
Arts and crafts in the Middle Ages : $b a description of mediaeval workmanship in several of the departments of applied art, together with some account of special artisans in the early Renaissance
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens
The Blue Bird for Children: The Wonderful Adventures of Tyltyl and Mytyl in Search of Happiness
The Battle of the Bays
Introduction to the Science of Sociology
A Village of Vagabonds
Letters of Anton Chekhov to His Family and Friends
The Wreck of the Titan: or, Futility
Working Women of Japan
Pollyanna
The Mystery of the Yellow Room
Wild Animals I Have Known
The Awakening of Spring: A Tragedy of Childhood
The pageant of Parliament, vol. 1 of 2
Practical Mind-Reading: A Course of Lessons on Thought-Transference, Telepathy, Mental-Currents, Mental Rapport, &c.
The Man from Snowy River
Orthography: As Outlined in the State Course of Study for Illinois
The Prisoner of Zenda
In furthest Ind : $b The narrative of Mr Edward Carlyon of the honourable East India Company's service
Fifteen Thousand Useful Phrases: A Practical Handbook Of Pertinent Expressions, Striking Similes, Literary, Commercial, Conversational, And Oratorical Terms, For The Embellishment Of Speech And Literature, And The Improvement Of The Vocabulary Of Those Persons Who Read, Write, And Speak English
Great Big Treasury of Beatrix Potter
Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines
The Scarlet Pimpernel
The Door in the Wall, and Other Stories
Two Little Savages: Being the adventures of two boys who lived as Indians and what they learned
Gitanjali
My Life and Work
Nellie Bly's Book: Around the World in Seventy-Two Days
Just So Stories
Jesus the Christ: A Study of the Messiah and His Mission According to Holy; Scriptures Both Ancient and Modern
Arsène Lupin
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of O. Henry
A Diversity of Creatures
The Thirteenth, Greatest of Centuries
With the Night Mail: A Story of 2000 A.D.: (Together with extracts from the comtemporary magazine in which it appeared)
The Illustrated Key to the Tarot: The Veil of Divination
Michael O'Halloran
The Heavenly Life
Printers' Marks: A Chapter in the History of Typography
A Book of Myths
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary
The Art of Writing & Speaking the English Language: Word-Study and Composition & Rhetoric
The Tailor of Gloucester
The King of the Dark Chamber
The island of Dr. Moreau
Wagner as Man & Artist
The War of the Worlds
The American Occupation of the Philippines 1898-1912
An Advanced English Grammar with Exercises
Malay Magic: Being an introduction to the folklore and popular religion of the Malay Peninsula
The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies
The Wind Among the Reeds
The Mystery and Romance of Alchemy and Pharmacy
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers; Or, The Roly-Poly Pudding
Dress design $b: an account of costume for artists & dressmakers
Kipling Stories and Poems Every Child Should Know, Book II
Things as they are : $b Mission work in Southern India
Life's Handicap: Being Stories of Mine Own People
The Peace Negotiations: A Personal Narrative
Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town
The Four Million
The Booklover and His Books
The Watchers of the Plains: A Tale of the Western Prairies
Trivia
The Story of the Middle Ages
The Student's Companion to Latin Authors
The Preservation of Antiquities: A Handbook for Curators
Twelve Stories and a Dream
Sinking of the "Titanic" : $b most appalling ocean horror; with graphic descriptions of hundreds swept to eternity beneath the waves ...
The World Set Free
The Prisoner of Zenda
A Source Book for Ancient Church History
Cotton Manufacturing
Barrack Room Ballads
The Tale of Two Bad Mice
The Play of Man
The Blue Bird: A Fairy Play in Six Acts
The Eleusinian Mysteries and Rites
Chitra, a Play in One Act
The Forsyte Saga - Complete
Mrs. Spring Fragrance
The War in the Air
Thirty Strange Stories
Secret Chambers and Hiding Places: Historic, Romantic, & Legendary Stories & Traditions About Hiding-Holes, Secret Chambers, Etc.
Little Black Sambo
The Phantom 'Rickshaw, and Other Ghost Stories
The Story of Manhattan
Tales of Men and Ghosts
The Little White Bird; Or, Adventures in Kensington Gardens
Our Little Hindu Cousin
India's Love Lyrics
Pandora's Box: A Tragedy in Three Acts
A Girl of the Limberlost
The Empty House and Other Ghost Stories
Language: Its Nature, Development and Origin
Kim
The Land of Little Rain
Empires and Emperors of Russia, China, Korea, and Japan: Notes and Recollections by Monsignor Count Vay de Vaya and Luskod
Clairvoyance and Occult Powers
History of Egypt, Chaldea, Syria, Babylonia, and Assyria in the Light of Recent Discovery
An Outline of Occult Science
Hyde Park, Its History and Romance
Wild Flowers Worth Knowing
A Girl of the Limberlost
The Sleeper Awakes: A Revised Edition of When the Sleeper Wakes
The Duel and Other Stories
The Souls of Black Folk
Summer
If
Folk Lore Notes. Vol. II—Konkan
All Afloat: A Chronicle of Craft and Waterways
The Gadfly
The Way of Ambition
Queen Lucia
The Story of Miss Moppet
Leonardo Da Vinci
How to Live on 24 Hours a Day
The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents
The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher
An Englishwoman's Love-Letters
Anarchism and Other Essays
Plain Tales from the Hills
"Captains Courageous": A Story of the Grand Banks
Rippling Rhymes
Notes on Islam
The Jolliest Term on Record: A Story of School Life
Mabini's Decalogue for Filipinos
The Human Aura: Astral Colors and Thought Forms
The Forsyte Saga, Volume II.: Indian Summer of a Forsyte; In Chancery
The Secret Rose
Astrology: How to Make and Read Your Own Horoscope
The Wife, and Other Stories
As the Crow Flies: From Corsica to Charing Cross
A Guide to Health
Pigs is Pigs
Creative Unity
The Making of a Prig
The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth
The Tale of Mr. Tod
The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck
Poems
Tales of Space and Time
Bambi : $b A life in the woods
Anticipations: Of the Reaction of Mechanical and Scientific Progress upon Human life and Thought
The Childrens' Story of the War, Volume 1 (of 10): From the Beginning of the War to the Landing of the British Army in France
Ann Veronica: A Modern Love Story
The Melting-Pot
Per Amica Silentia Lunae
The Mind and Its Education
A Complete History of Music: for Schools, Clubs, and Private Reading
The Darling and Other Stories
Life in an Indian Outpost
Sex-linked Inheritance in Drosophila
The Bontoc Igorot
Strife: A Drama in Three Acts
Sappho: One Hundred Lyrics
Psyche
Mashi, and Other Stories
An Introduction to the History of Science
Minerva's Manoeuvres: The Cheerful Facts of a "Return to Nature"
Jurisprudence
From Pole to Pole: A Book for Young People
The Articles of Faith: A Series of Lectures on the Principal Doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
The Lower Depths: A Drama in Four Acts
The House of Souls
The Religion of the Ancient Celts
Hinduism and Buddhism, An Historical Sketch, Vol. 2
The Real Latin Quarter
White Shadows in the South Seas
Child-life in Art
Loyalties
The Clansman: An Historical Romance of the Ku Klux Klan
The Underground Railroad from Slavery to Freedom: A comprehensive history
The Bark Canoes and Skin Boats of North America
Arsène Lupin versus Herlock Sholmes
Cabbages and Kings
Nonsense Novels
The Old Inns of Old England, Volume 1 (of 2): A Picturesque Account of the Ancient and Storied Hostelries of Our Own Country
Love, and Other Stories
The reaction between manganese dioxide and potassium permanganate
The Amateur Cracksman
The Card, a Story of Adventure in the Five Towns
A Deal with the Devil
Adventures and Enthusiasms
Science and the modern world
A Fleet in Being: Notes of Two Trips With The Channel Squadron
The Biology, Physiology and Sociology of Reproduction: Also Sexual Hygiene with Special Reference to the Male
Every Day Life in the Massachusetts Bay Colony
The Price of Love
The Negro
The Italian Twins
The Men of the Moss-Hags: Being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway
The Lushei Kuki Clans
The Quest of the Silver Fleece: A Novel
A Wanderer in Venice
Little Sister Snow
A book of bridges
The Countess Cathleen
The Extraordinary Adventures of Arsène Lupin, Gentleman-Burglar
The reign of King Oberon
In Search of the Unknown
The Operatic Problem
The Rosicrucian Mysteries: An Elementary Exposition of Their Secret Teachings
Weeds by the Wall: Verses
The Great Big Treasury of Beatrix Potter
John Thorndyke's Cases: related by Christopher Jervis and edited by R. Austin Freeman
Sixes and Sevens
Books and Persons; Being Comments on a Past Epoch, 1908-1911
The Tapestry Book
War of the Worlds
Field Book of Western Wild Flowers
Culinary Herbs: Their Cultivation Harvesting Curing and Uses
Kentucky Poems
Prince Henry the Navigator, the Hero of Portugal and of Modern Discovery, 1394-1460 A.D.: With an Account of Geographical Progress Throughout the Middle Ages As the Preparation for His Work.
The King in Yellow, Part 2
Lest We Forget: World War Stories
Jock of the Bushveld
The Decoration of Houses
Penrod
Soldier Stories
Bantu Beliefs and Magic: With particular reference to the Kikuyu and Kamba tribes of Kenya Colony; together with some reflections on East Africa after the war
The Kipling Reader: Selections from the Books of Rudyard Kipling
"Lest We Forget": Chicago's Awful Theater Horror
Magic, Stage Illusions and Scientific Diversions, Including Trick Photography
John Silence, Physician Extraordinary
In the Days When the World Was Wide, and Other Verses
Mental Efficiency, and Other Hints to Men and Women
The room in the tower, and other stories
Winning a Cause: World War Stories
English Literature for Boys and Girls
The Romance of Tristan and Iseult
The Gist of Japan: The Islands, Their People, and Missions
The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes
The Salvaging of Civilization
The Tale of Peter Rabbit
Mark Twain: A Biography. Complete
The Elusive Pimpernel
The Trimmed Lamp, and Other Stories of the Four Million
The Blue Lagoon: A Romance
The Way of Peace
The North American Indian, Vol. 1
Corea or Cho-sen: The Land of the Morning Calm
The Three Impostors; or, The Transmutations
The Harvester
Soldiers Three
The Celtic Twilight
Concerning the Spiritual in Art
Xingu
Far to Seek: A Romance of England and India
Wood-Block Printing: A Description of the Craft of Woodcutting and Colour Printing Based on the Japanese Practice
The Unsolved Riddle of Social Justice
The Hollow Needle: Further Adventures of Arsène Lupin
Three Plays
Vision and Design
Waifs and strays [part 1]
The Life of the Bee
The Idea of Progress: An Inquiry into Its Origin and Growth
The Old Wives' Tale
The Outline of Science, Vol. 1 (of 4): A Plain Story Simply Told
The Symbolist Movement in Literature
Archimedes
The Sexual Life of the Child
Shakespeare and music : $b with illustrations from the music of the 16th and 17th centuries
Irene Iddesleigh
The Lobster Fishery of Maine: Bulletin of the United States Fish Commission, Vol. 19, Pages 241-265, 1899
The Dark Star
Atolls of the Sun
Whirligigs
The Way of Initiation; or, How to Attain Knowledge of the Higher Worlds
The Little Demon
The Star
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
The Preacher of Cedar Mountain: A Tale of the Open Country
Cyrano de Bergerac: An Heroic Comedy in Five Acts
The Gentleman from Indiana
The Doll and Her Friends: or Memoirs of the Lady Seraphina
Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul
Mother's Nursery Tales
The Black Monk, and Other Stories
Dead Men Tell No Tales
The Witch, and Other Stories
Mr. Britling Sees It Through
The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse
The King in Yellow, Part 1
Religion and Art in Ancient Greece
The Youngest Girl in the School
The Scandinavian Element in the United States: University of Illinois Studies in the Social Sciences, Vol. 111, No. 3, September, 1914
While the Billy Boils
The Florentine Painters of the Renaissance: With An Index To Their Works
Under the Witches' Moon: A Romantic Tale of Mediaeval Rome
The First Men in the Moon
Tales of the Samurai: Stories Illustrating Bushido, the Moral Principles of the Japanese Knighthood
The Common People of Ancient Rome: Studies of Roman Life and Literature
A Study of Pueblo Architecture: Tusayan and Cibola: Eighth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1886-1887, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1891, pages 3-228
Dreamers of the Ghetto
Robert F. Murray (Author of the Scarlet Gown): His Poems; with a Memoir
Marjorie at Seacote
Chopin : The Story of the Boy Who Made Beautiful Melodies
Strength and How to Obtain It
The Magnificent Ambersons
A Thin Ghost and Others
Roads of Destiny
Travels in West Africa: Congo Français, Corisco and Cameroons
Japan and the California Problem
The Hindu-Yogi Science of Breath
Windfalls
Mysticism in English Literature
Mob Rule in New Orleans: Robert Charles and His Fight to Death, the Story of His Life, Burning Human Beings Alive, Other Lynching Statistics
The Concept of Nature: The Tarner Lectures Delivered in Trinity College, November 1919
The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse
Miss Billy — Married
The Custom of the Country
Our Little Korean Cousin
The Sacred Formulas of the Cherokees: Seventh Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1885-1886, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1891, pages 301-398
The Life of King Edward VII: with a sketch of the career of King George V
West African studies
Fables in Slang
The Grandchildren of the Ghetto
Ophiolatreia: An Account of the Rites and Mysteries Connected with the Origin, Rise, and Development of Serpent Worship in Various Parts of the World
The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit
The Madonna in Art
Notes on agriculture in Cyprus and its products
Ten Days in a Mad-House; or, Nellie Bly's Experience on Blackwell's Island.: Feigning Insanity in Order to Reveal Asylum Horrors. The Trying Ordeal of the New York World's Girl Correspondent.
Selected Works of Voltairine de Cleyre
The Photoplay: A Psychological Study
The White Queen of Okoyong: A True Story of Adventure, Heroism and Faith
The Silver Box: A Comedy in Three Acts
Villa Elsa: A Story of German Family Life
History of the Jews in Russia and Poland, Volume 3 [of 3]: From the Accession of Nicholas II until the Present Day
The Admirable Crichton
As Seen By Me
The Bishop and Other Stories
A Popular Schoolgirl
Through Finland in Carts
Machine-Gun Tactics
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 1 (of 8): Poems Lyrical and Narrative
The Battle of the Marne
Your Mind and How to Use It: A Manual of Practical Psychology
The Red Year: A Story of the Indian Mutiny
Tono-Bungay
The Works of Rudyard Kipling: One Volume Edition
Stray Birds
Moral Poison in Modern Fiction
The Amateur Cracksman
The Hill of Dreams
Clayhanger
The Convert
Book of Monsters: Portraits and Biographies of a Few of the Inhabitants of Woodland and Meadow
The Descent of Man and Other Stories
The Customs of Old England
An Australian in China : $b Being the narrative of a quiet journey across China to Burma
813
The Business of Mining: A brief non-technical exposition of the principles involved in the profitable operation of mines
The riddle of Three-Way Creek
The Man-Eaters of Tsavo, and Other East African Adventures
Puck of Pook's Hill
Down at Caxton's
Trans-Himalaya: Discoveries and Adventurers in Tibet. Vol. 1 (of 2)
Four Weird Tales
Infatuation
The Crystal Stopper
The Hollow Needle; Further adventures of Arsène Lupin
Scotland's Mark on America
In the Onyx Lobby
French Idioms and Proverbs: A Companion to Deshumbert's "Dictionary of Difficulties"
Farthest North, Vol. I: Being the Record of a Voyage of Exploration of the Ship 'Fram' 1893-1896
Four Max Carrados Detective Stories
The Governess
The Panama Canal and Its Makers
The Law-Breakers
The New Machiavelli
Lyrics of Earth
The House in Good Taste
The Adventures of Uncle Jeremiah and Family at the Great Fair: Their Observations and Triumphs
Peeps at Many Lands: Ancient Egypt
A History of Science — Volume 5
Bannertail: The Story of a Graysquirrel
A Modern Utopia
Cosmic symbolism : $b Being a discussion and exposition of some recondite and obscure points in the art of the Kabalists, the mysteries of sound, form and number, and the basic principles of cosmic symbolism
The Book of Nature Myths
Psychotherapy
The Harvester
Rewards and Fairies
The Majesty of Calmness; individual problems and posibilities
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles
The Tyranny of the Dark
Shawn of Skarrow
Day and Night Stories
An Elementary Study of Chemistry
The Rover Boys on the Farm; or, Last Days at Putnam Hall
Five Young Men: Messages of Yesterday for the Young Men of To-day
Rolf in the Woods
The Woman with the Fan
Stage-coach and Mail in Days of Yore, Volume 2 (of 2): A picturesque history of the coaching age
Fruit-Gathering
Hinduism and Buddhism, An Historical Sketch, Vol. 1
The Philippines: Past and Present (Volume 2 of 2)
The Land of Heart's Desire
Great Artists, Vol 1.: Raphael, Rubens, Murillo, and Durer
El Kab
The Backwoodsmen
A Wanderer in Paris
Ancient Town-Planning
Little Novels of Italy
A Fortunate Term
Ecstasy, A Study of Happiness: A Novel
The History of Modern Painting, Volume 1 (of 4): Revised edition continued by the author to the end of the XIX century
All Things are Possible
Greek Sculpture: A collection of sixteen pictures of Greek marbles with introduction and interpretation
A Literary and Historical Atlas of Asia
The Death of the Gods: (Christ and Antichrist, 1 of 3)
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of H. G. Wells: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
The History of Mr. Polly
The Purple Cloud
A Wanderer in Holland
The Mountebank
British Highways and Byways from a Motor Car: Being a Record of a Five Thousand Mile Tour in England, Wales and Scotland
Our Southern Highlanders
A Man in the Open
The Art of War in the Middle Ages A.D. 378-1515
The Founder of New France : A Chronicle of Champlain
The Secret Trails
The Life and Letters of Lafcadio Hearn, Volume 1
The Liberty Girl
The Old House, and Other Tales
My pets : $b Real happenings in my aviary
The Children's Bible
The Crimson Tide: A Novel
The Giant Crab, and Other Tales from Old India
The First Men in the Moon
The Old Man in the Corner
The Grey Wig: Stories and Novelettes
A Reversible Santa Claus
Tin-types taken in the streets of New York : $b a series of stories and sketches portraying many singular phases of metropolitan life
Friars and Filipinos: An Abridged Translation of Dr. Jose Rizal's Tagalog Novel,; 'Noli Me Tangere.'
Three John Silence Stories
King Arthur's Knights: The Tales Re-told for Boys & Girls
The Reckoning
Just So Stories
Ideas of Good and Evil
Comrades: A Story of Social Adventure in California
Correspondence and Report from His Majesty's Consul at Boma Respecting the Administration of the Independent State of the Congo [and Further Correspondence]
Kinship Organisations and Group Marriage in Australia
The Luckiest Girl in the School
Sadhana, the Realisation of Life
Alcoholic Fermentation: Second Edition, 1914
The Joyous Adventures of Aristide Pujol
In Court and Kampong: Being Tales and Sketches of Native Life in the Malay Peninsula
The Fundamentals of Bacteriology
Picture Posters: A Short History of the Illustrated Placard with Many Reproductions of the Most Artistic Examples in all Countries
Freckles
Saltbush Bill, J. P.
Freedom's Battle: Being a Comprehensive Collection of Writings and Speeches on the Present Situation
A Vagabond Song
Reminiscences of Anton Chekhov
Dick Merriwell's Trap; Or, The Chap Who Bungled
The History of Modern Painting, Volume 2 (of 4): Revised edition continued by the author to the end of the XIX century
Botchan (Master Darling)
The Moonlit Way: A Novel
South America and the War
My Disillusionment in Russia
The Day's Work
Villa Rubein, and Other Stories
The Purple Cow
Blow The Man Down: A Romance Of The Coast
Manual of References and Exercises in Economics for Use with Volume II. Modern Economic Problems
Influences of Geographic Environment: On the Basis of Ratzel's System of Anthropo-Geography
Birds Every Child Should Know
A Little Book for Christmas
Ten Days in a Mad-house
The Naval History of the United States. Volume 2
In Morocco
The Portsmouth Road and Its Tributaries: To-Day and in Days of Old
A Collection of Beatrix Potter Stories
Flag and Fleet: How the British Navy Won the Freedom of the Seas
A harum-scarum schoolgirl
Nooks and Corners of Cornwall
Self-Control, Its Kingship and Majesty
Frenzied Fiction
The Hindu-Arabic Numerals
Races and Immigrants in America
The Wolves of God, and Other Fey Stories
Johnny Crow's Garden
The Jolliest School of All
The Tell El Amarna Period
Marine Protozoa from Woods Hole: Bulletin of the United States Fish Commission 21:415-468, 1901
Her Father's Daughter
Indian Tales
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty Pan
Five Stages of Greek Religion
From Capetown to Ladysmith: An Unfinished Record of the South African War
Frédéric Mistral: Poet and Leader in Provence
Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes
The New Girl at St. Chad's: A Story of School Life
The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman
South African Memories: Social, Warlike & Sporting from Diaries Written at the Time
Wild Justice: Stories of the South Seas
Supreme Personality: Fun in Living. A Doubt, Fear, and Worry Cure
Democracy and Social Ethics
Miss Mapp
Wastralls: A Novel
Pathology of Lying, Accusation, and Swindling: A Study in Forensic Psychology
Robert Burns: How To Know Him
Under the Country Sky
Reveries over Childhood and Youth
Joan of Arc, the Warrior Maid
Folk Stories from Southern Nigeria, West Africa
Physics
The Art of Logical Thinking; Or, The Laws of Reasoning
The War That Will End War
The Passionate Friends
Nature Books Popular and Scientific from The Franklin Bookshop, 1910: Catalogue 24, 1910-11 Season
The Dark Ages, 476-918
Outlines of English and American Literature: An Introduction to the Chief Writers of England and America, to the Books They Wrote, and to the Times in Which They Lived
A West Country pilgrimage
A Literary History of the Arabs
Anthology of Russian literature from the earliest period to the present time, volume 1 (of 2) : $b From the tenth century to the close of the eighteenth century
Ole Mammy's Torment
Cat and Dog; Or, Memoirs of Puss and the Captain
Marcia Schuyler
Complete Version of ye Three Blind Mice
Brooks's Readers, Third Year
The Kindred of the Wild: A Book of Animal Life
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary Part 2: More Ghost Stories
The Human Machine
The Were-Wolf
Mexico: Its Ancient and Modern Civilisation, History, Political Conditions, Topography, Natural Resources, Industries and General Development
The King of Schnorrers: Grotesques and Fantasies
A Terrible Tomboy
Stalky & Co.
Legends of the Rhine
The Chocolate Soldier: Or, Heroism—The Lost Chord of Christianity
The Bronze Eagle: A Story of the Hundred Days
The Elements of Bacteriological Technique: A Laboratory Guide for Medical, Dental, and Technical Students. Second Edition Rewritten and Enlarged.
"The Red Watch": With the First Canadian Division in Flanders
The Enchanted Barn
The Terror: A Mystery
How to Read Human Nature: Its Inner States and Outer Forms
Calendar history of the Kiowa Indians. (1898 N 17 / 1895-1896 (pages 129-444))
Literary Lapses
Topsy-Turvy Land: Arabia Pictured for Children
A Negro Explorer at the North Pole
The Conservation of Races: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 2
The Training of a Forester
Traffics and Discoveries
Folklore of the Santal Parganas
The Adventures of Harry Revel
Cynthia's Chauffeur
Adventures on the Roof of the World
A Practical Handbook on the Distillation of Alcohol from Farm Products
Giordano Bruno
Contrary Mary
The Confessions of Arsène Lupin
Boon, The Mind of the Race, The Wild Asses of the Devil, and The Last Trump;: Being a First Selection from the Literary Remains of George Boon, Appropriate to the Times
Detection of the Common Food Adulterants
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 1, 1807-1809 : $b From the treaty of Fontainbleau to the battle of Corunna
Hinduism and Buddhism, An Historical Sketch, Vol. 3
Peeps at Many Lands: Egypt
Bransford of Rainbow Range: Originally Published under the title of Bransford in Arcadia, or, The Little Eohippus
Lord Tony's Wife: An Adventure of the Scarlet Pimpernel
Anna of the Five Towns
The History of the Nineteenth Century in Caricature
The Life of Mohammad, the Prophet of Allah
Indian Home Rule
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 4 (of 8): The Hour-glass. Cathleen ni Houlihan. The Golden Helmet. The Irish Dramatic Movement
Woodland Tales
The Romance of Plant Life: Interesting Descriptions of the Strange and Curious in the Plant World
Jean-Christophe, Volume I
With Edged Tools
The Morals of Marcus Ordeyne : a Novel
The Wrong Twin
Raemaekers' Cartoons: With Accompanying Notes by Well-known English Writers
Mothering on Perilous
The Wave: An Egyptian Aftermath
Abbotsford
Uncanny Stories
Progress and Achievements of the Colored People: Containing the Story of the Wonderful Advancement of the Colored Americans—the Most Marvelous in the History of Nations—Their Past Accomplishments, Together With Their Present-day Opportunities and a Glimpse Into the Future for Further Developments—the Dawn of a Triumphant Era. A Handbook for Self-improvement Which Leads to Greater Success
Elizabeth and Her German Garden
El Dorado: An Adventure of the Scarlet Pimpernel
The Middle of Things
The Spenders: A Tale of the Third Generation
The Middle Temple Murder
The Story of Bawn
The Cutting of an Agate
The Tyranny of Tears: A Comedy in Four Acts
Rupert of Hentzau: From The Memoirs of Fritz Von Tarlenheim: Sequel to The Prisoner of Zenda
Mother
The Prophet Ezekiel: An Analytical Exposition
Stories from The Arabian Nights
Oscar Wilde, a study
The Roman Index of Forbidden Books: Briefly Explained for Catholic Booklovers and Students
The Gentle Grafter
The Girl from Keller's
The Mascot of Sweet Briar Gulch
Some Turns of Thought in Modern Philosophy
Romantic Ireland; volume 2/2
The Seven Lamps of Advocacy
The Voice of the City: Further Stories of the Four Million
A Cotswold Village; Or, Country Life and Pursuits in Gloucestershire
The Dukeries
A History of Spain: founded on the Historia de España y de la civilización española of Rafael Altamira
Mystic Isles of the South Seas.
The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets
Honey-Sweet
The Story of the Big Front Door
Psychology : $b A study of mental life
The Boy Scouts of Bob's Hill: A Sequel to 'The Bob's Hill Braves'
Leaves in the Wind
Puck of Pook's Hill
My Book of Favourite Fairy Tales
The Place Beyond the Winds
Chosen Peoples: Being the First "Arthur Davis Memorial Lecture" delivered before the Jewish Historical Society at University College on Easter-Passover Sunday, 1918/5678
Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His Son: Being the Letters written by John Graham, Head of the House of Graham & Company, Pork-Packers in Chicago, familiarly known on 'Change as "Old Gorgon Graham," to his Son, Pierrepont, facetiously known to his intimates as "Piggy."
From Sea to Sea; Letters of Travel
The Triumph of Music, and Other Lyrics
What All The World's A-Seeking: The Vital Law of True Life, True Greatness Power and Happiness
The Four Feathers
Kelly Miller's History of the World War for Human Rights
Hero-Myths & Legends of the British Race
Mr. Munchausen : Being a True Account of Some of the Recent Adventures beyond the Styx of the Late Hieronymus Carl Friedrich, Sometime Baron Munchausen of Bodenwerder
The Open Question: A Tale of Two Temperaments
Americans, Drawn by Charles Dana Gibson
Magna Carta: A Commentary on the Great Charter of King John: With an Historical Introduction
Alaska, the Great Country
Responsibilities, and other poems
Trans-Himalaya: Discoveries and Adventurers in Tibet. Vol. 2 (of 2)
Swan Song
The Paradise Mystery
In the Fog
Anarchism: A Criticism and History of the Anarchist Theory
Anarchism
Montreal from 1535 to 1914. Vol. 3. Biographical
Mr. Wycherly's Wards
The Horse-Stealers and Other Stories
Sex and Society: Studies in the Social Psychology of Sex
Coffee and Repartee
The Nicest Girl in the School: A Story of School Life
How Paris Amuses Itself
Nature Cure: Philosophy & Practice Based on the Unity of Disease & Cure
The Teeth of the Tiger
The Blonde Lady: Being a Record of the Duel of Wits between Arsène Lupin and the English Detective
The Trembling of the Veil
A Short History of Italy (476-1900)
The Slayer of Souls
In Strange Company: A Story of Chili and the Southern Seas
Dick Merriwell's Pranks; Or, Lively Times in the Orient
Some Distinguished Victims of the Scaffold
A Journey in Other Worlds: A Romance of the Future
Miss Civilization: A Comedy in One Act
Mr. Grex of Monte Carlo
Concrete Construction: Methods and Costs
The Sunbridge Girls at Six Star Ranch
Puck of Pook's Hill
Memory: How to Develop, Train, and Use It
Camping
The Great North Road, the Old Mail Road to Scotland: London to York
The Grand Babylon Hôtel
Glimpses of Bengal: Selected from the letters of Sir Rabindranath Tagore, 1885 to 1895
The girl with the green eyes : $b A play in four acts
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Hereford: A Description of Its Fabric and a Brief History of the Episcopal See
Self Knowledge and Guide to Sex Instruction: Vital Facts of Life for All Ages
Wayside Courtships
The Book-Hunter in London: Historical and Other Studies of Collectors and Collecting
That Girl Montana
The Byzantine Empire
A Comprehensive Guide-Book to Natural, Hygienic and Humane Diet
Wild Flowers: An Aid to Knowledge of Our Wild Flowers and Their Insect Visitors
Max Carrados
Drawings by Charles Dana Gibson
Expressive Voice Culture, Including the Emerson System
Practical English Composition: Book II.: For the Second Year of the High School
John Splendid: The Tale of a Poor Gentleman, and the Little Wars of Lorn
Nature Myths and Stories for Little Children
Wonder Tales from Many Lands
The Admirable Crichton
The Leopard's Spots: A Romance of the White Man's Burden—1865-1900
The Man-Made World; Or, Our Androcentric Culture
Punctuation: A Primer of Information about the Marks of Punctuation and their Use Both Grammatically and Typographically
The Works of John Galsworthy: An Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Galsworthy
The Fortunes of Philippa: A School Story
Dynamic Thought; Or, The Law of Vibrant Energy
Tête-d'Or: A play in three acts
A History of Freedom of Thought
The Schoolmaster and Other Stories
Wild Animals at Home
The Shame of the Cities
John Brown
A Warning to the Curious, and Other Ghost Stories
Rio Grande's Last Race, and Other Verses
Raffles: Further Adventures of the Amateur Cracksman
The Light That Failed
The Ghost: A Modern Fantasy
The Invisible Man: A Grotesque Romance
Breakfasts and Teas: Novel Suggestions for Social Occasions
The Bacillus of Long Life: A Manual of the Preparation and Souring of Milk for Dietary Purposes, Together with an Historical Account of the Use of Fermented Milks, from the Earliest Times to the Present Day, and Their Wonderful Effect in the Prolonging of Human Existence
Johann Sebastian Bach : The story of the boy who sang in the streets
A Gentleman Player; His Adventures on a Secret Mission for Queen Elizabeth
Hollyhock House: A Story for Girls
Soldiers Three - Part 2
The Camp of the Dog
John Ermine of the Yellowstone
Alila, Our Little Philippine Cousin
The Principal Species of Wood: Their Characteristic Properties: First Edition
The Party and Other Stories
Days of the Discoverers
The Grammar School Boys Snowbound; or, Dick & Co. at Winter Sports
Wood folk at school
Frank Merriwell's Bravery
Aladdin & Co.: A Romance of Yankee Magic
The American Mind: The E. T. Earl Lectures
Mozart : The story of a little boy and his sister who gave concerts
Canute the Great, 995 (circa)-1035, and the Rise of Danish Imperialism during the Viking Age
With God in the Yellowstone
Java, Facts and Fancies
The Maya Indians of Southern Yucatan and Northern British Honduras
Absurd Ditties
Simla Village Tales; Or, Folk Tales from the Himalayas
Masters of the Guild
Alone
Love: A Treatise on the Science of Sex-attraction: for the use of Physicians and Students of Medical Jurisprudence
Ivanoff: A Play
Adventures in Criticism
The Settler
Behind the Footlights
The English Peasantry and the Enclosure of Common Fields
The International Spy: Being the Secret History of the Russo-Japanese War
The British Woodlice: Being a Monograph of the Terrestrial Isopod Crustacea Occurring in the British Islands
The Philosophy of Spiritual Activity: A Modern Philosophy of Life Developed by Scientific Methods
The Younger Set
Handwork in Wood
Fairies I Have Met
Vampires and Vampirism
Graustark
The Red Thumb Mark
True Version of the Philippine Revolution
Animal Sanctuaries in Labrador: An Address Presented by Lt.-Colonel William Wood, F.R.S.C. before the Second Annual Meeting of the Commission of Conservation at Quebec, January, 1911
On the Art of Writing: Lectures delivered in the University of Cambridge 1913-1914
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, vol. LXX, Dec. 1910: Federal Investigations of Mine Accidents, Structural Materials and Fuels. Paper No. 1171
From a Cornish Window: A New Edition
A Patriotic Schoolgirl
Robin Hood
Joan of the Sword Hand
Cleg Kelly, Arab of the City: His Progress and Adventures
Three Years in Tibet
Vision by radio, radio photographs, radio photograms
When the Sleeper Wakes
The Balkans: A History of Bulgaria—Serbia—Greece—Rumania—Turkey
Great Britain and the American Civil War
Sheila of Big Wreck Cove: A Story of Cape Cod
Jaffery
"Unto Caesar"
Children's Literature: A Textbook of Sources for Teachers and Teacher-Training Classes
Flower Children: The Little Cousins of the Field and Garden
A Beginner's Psychology
The hero of the Filipinos : $b The story of José Rizal, poet, patriot and martyr
Secrets of the woods
Mary Olivier: a Life
The Early Bird: A Business Man's Love Story
The Founder of New France - A Chronicle of Champlain
Tales of the Malayan Coast: From Penang to the Philippines
Rural Hygiene
Earth and Sky Every Child Should Know: Easy studies of the earth and the stars for any time and place
A Thief in the Night: Further adventures of A. J. Raffles, Cricketer and Cracksman
The Vintage: A Romance of the Greek War of Independence
The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci, the Forerunner
The Invisible Foe: A Story Adapted from the Play by Walter Hackett
Star of India
London Clubs: Their History & Treasures
The Research Magnificent
The Secret of the Night
To Him That Hath: A Tale of the West of Today
Wildflowers of the Farm
The Jesuit Missions: A Chronicle of the Cross in the Wilderness
Vanguards of the Plains: A Romance of the Old Santa Fé Trail
The Beacon Second Reader
The Golden Goose Book
Anthropology
Pen Drawing: An Illustrated Treatise
My Reminiscences of the Anglo-Boer War
The Long Dim Trail
The Principles of Economics, with Applications to Practical Problems
Pistol and Revolver Shooting
Nothing But the Truth
Where Love Is
The Island Pharisees
The Mystery of 31 New Inn
Prose Fancies
The Woman Who Toils: Being the Experiences of Two Gentlewomen as Factory Girls
Rembrandt: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter with Introduction and Interpretation
Bartholomew de Las Casas; his life, apostolate, and writings
A Critique of the Theory of Evolution
Life histories of North American shore birds, Part 1 (of 2)
Hellenism in Asia Minor
Proverbs of All Nations, Compared, Explained, and Illustrated
The Eight Strokes of the Clock
The Harp of God: Proof Conclusive That Millions Now Living Will Never Die
My Lady Nicotine: A Study in Smoke
Shadows of Flames: A Novel
Nooks and Corners of Old England
The Adventure of Princess Sylvia
The Man Against the Sky: A Book of Poems
Rolling Stones
A Voice in the Wilderness
The Early History of the Airplane
A Pair of Schoolgirls: A Story of School Days
Half-Hours with the Idiot
The Old and the New Magic
The Warwickshire Avon
Aedh Wishes for the Cloths of Heaven
The Sense of Beauty: Being the Outlines of Aesthetic Theory
Anderson Crow, Detective
Rebecca's Promise
Daily Training
Antonio
American Notes
The Jute Industry: From Seed to Finished Cloth
Mystic Christianity; Or, The Inner Teachings of the Master
The War With the United States : A Chronicle of 1812
The Skipper and the Skipped: Being the Shore Log of Cap'n Aaron Sproul
Vera
The Second Jungle Book
The Treaty of Waitangi; or, how New Zealand became a British Colony
Folk Lore Notes. Vol. I—Gujarat
The Lilac Sunbonnet: A Love Story
Woman Triumphant (La Maja Desnuda)
Miss Billy's Decision
Legends of Babylon and Egypt in Relation to Hebrew Tradition
The Radio Amateur's Hand Book: A Complete, Authentic and Informative Work on Wireless Telegraphy and Telephony
The Higher Powers of Mind and Spirit
Home Occupations for Boys and Girls
The Old Adam: A Story of Adventure
The Animal World, A Book of Natural History: Young Folks' Treasury (Volume V)
Cuchulain, the Hound of Ulster
Famous funny fellows : $b Brief biographical sketches of American humorists
Red Men and White
Lotus Buds
Majesty: A Novel
The Woodpeckers
Ghetto Tragedies
America's Munitions 1917-1918
The Heart Line: A Drama of San Francisco
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 8 (of 8): Discoveries. Edmund Spenser. Poetry and Tradition; and Other Essays. Bibliography
The Bashful Earthquake, & Other Fables and Verses
Manual of Surgery Volume First: General Surgery. Sixth Edition.
Anglo-Saxon Grammar and Exercise Book: with Inflections, Syntax, Selections for Reading, and Glossary
King Spruce, A Novel
Goops and How to Be Them
The Restless Sex
West Wind Drift
Secret Chambers and Hiding Places: Historic, Romantic, & Legendary Stories & Traditions About Hiding-Holes, Secret Chambers, Etc.
Highways and Byways in Sussex
Lorraine: A Romance
The Watchers of the Trails: A Book of Animal Life
The Tale of Timber Town
A-Birding on a Bronco
Butterflies Worth Knowing
Frank Merriwell's Champions; Or, All in the Game
An elementary manual of New Zealand entomology : $b being an introduction to the study of our native insects
The Triumph of Death
Greek Athletic Sports and Festivals
The Conquest of a Continent; or, The Expansion of Races in America
The Lord of the Sea
The Rock of Chickamauga: A Story of the Western Crisis
The Age of Erasmus: Lectures Delivered in the Universities of Oxford and London
The Witness
Our Friend the Dog
Kerfol: 1916
Mediæval Wales: Chiefly in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Centuries: Six Popular Lectures
Alone with the Hairy Ainu: or, 3,800 miles on a pack saddle in Yezo and a cruise to the Kurile Islands.
The Child's Rainy Day Book
The House of the Lord: A Study of Holy Sanctuaries Ancient and Modern
The armourer and his craft from the XIth to the XVIth century
Beautiful Joe: An Autobiography
Life and Death of Harriett Frean
The Boss of Little Arcady
The Seeker
The Twins of Suffering Creek
True Detective Stories from the Archives of the Pinkertons
Yekl: A Tale of the New York Ghetto
The Story of Great Inventions
Practical Psychomancy and Crystal Gazing
The Knights of the Round Table: Stories of King Arthur and the Holy Grail
Rustic Speech and Folk-Lore
The Moon Princess: A Fairy Tale
The Vatican swindle : $b (Les caves du Vatican)
The golden heart, and other fairy stories
The Lodger
The Five Jars
Christianity as Mystical Fact, and the Mysteries of Antiquity
The Cornwall Coast
The Story of Sitka: The Historic Outpost of the Northwest Coast; The Chief Factory of the Russian American Company
The Little Brown Jug at Kildare
History of Brighthelmston; or, Brighton as I View it and Others Knew It: With a Chronological Table of Local Events
Gibson: New Cartoons; A book of Charles Dana Gibson's latest drawings
God, the Invisible King
How to Tell the Birds from the Flowers: A Manual of Flornithology for Beginners
Actions and reactions
Pollyanna Grows Up
Third class in Indian railways
Reincarnation and the Law of Karma: A Study of the Old-New World-Doctrine of Rebirth, and Spiritual Cause and Effect
South and South Central Africa: A record of fifteen years' missionary labors among primitive peoples
In Northern Mists: Arctic Exploration in Early Times (Volume 1 of 2)
The Study of Elementary Electricity and Magnetism by Experiment: Containing Two Hundred Experiments Performed with Simple, Home-made Apparatus
A Literary History of Ireland, from Earliest Times to the Present Day
Early Greek philosophy
The writing of fiction
Tracks in the snow : $b Being the history of a crime
A Daughter of the Middle Border
Ten Thousand Miles with a Dog Sled: A Narrative of Winter Travel in Interior Alaska
The Defence of Duffer's Drift
The Benefactress
The Golden Triangle: The Return of Arsène Lupin
The Secrets of a Savoyard
Scarlet and Hyssop: A Novel
The Discovery of the Future
Rogers' Rock, Lake George, March 13, 1758: A Battle Fought on Snow Shoes
Earth Features and Their Meaning: An Introduction to Geology for the Student and the General Reader
Fortunes and Dreams: A practical manual of fortune telling, divination and the interpretation of dreams, signs and omens
The American Indian in the United States, Period 1850-1914: ... The Present Condition of the American Indian; His Political History and Other Topics; A Plea for Justice
Fraternity
Patsy
In the forbidden land : $b an account of a journey into Tibet, capture by the Tibetan lamas and soldiers, imprisonment, torture and ultimate release
Impertinent Poems
The History of Human Marriage: Third Edition
The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel
Children of the Night
Five Tales
The Philippines: Past and Present (Volume 1 of 2)
The Life-Story of Insects
The Romance of Words (4th ed.)
Freedom In Service: Six Essays on Matters Concerning Britain's Safety and Good Government
The Pools of Silence
Nautical Charts
California: The Land of the Sun
Ten minute stories
Captains of the Civil War: A Chronicle of the Blue and the Gray
Torchy As A Pa
Marriage and Love
Behind the Beyond, and Other Contributions to Human Knowledge
Tuscan Sculpture of the Fifteenth Century: A Collection of Sixteen Pictures Reproducing Works by Donatello, the Della Robia, Mino da Fiesole, and Others, with Introduction
The International Development of China
A History of Sumer and Akkad: An account of the early races of Babylonia from prehistoric times to the foundation of the Babylonian monarchy
The History of Korea (vol. 1 of 2)
The Grenadier Guards in the Great War of 1914-1918, Vol. 3 of 3
"Captains Courageous": A Story of the Grand Banks
Hilda Lessways
Michael Angelo Buonarroti: With Translations Of The Life Of The Master By His Scholar, Ascanio Condivi, And Three Dialogues From The Portugese By Francisco d'Ollanda
In The Seven Woods: Being Poems Chiefly of the Irish Heroic Age
Babylonian-Assyrian Birth-Omens and Their Cultural Significance
Told in the Hills: A Novel
The Thousand and One Days: A Companion to the "Arabian Nights"
Things seen in Spain
The Pony Rider Boys in New Mexico; Or, The End of the Silver Trail
The Story of Peter Pan, Retold from the fairy play by Sir James Barrie
The Markenmore Mystery
A Beginner's History of Philosophy, Vol. 1: Ancient and Mediæval Philosophy
Beyond
The Beautiful Necessity: Seven Essays on Theosophy and Architecture
The Pretty Lady
Sentimental Tommy: The Story of His Boyhood
Bunker Bean
Old-Time Makers of Medicine: The Story of The Students And Teachers of the Sciences Related to Medicine During the Middle Ages
The Little Colonel's Holidays
The Cradle of Mankind; Life in Eastern Kurdistan
The Foolish Virgin
Saint's Progress
The Patrician
The Americanization of Edward Bok: The Autobiography of a Dutch Boy Fifty Years After
Old Calabria
Ruggles of Red Gap
The Great War As I Saw It
What Bird is That?: A Pocket Museum of the Land Birds of the Eastern United States Arranged According to Season
Sketch of a New Esthetic of Music
Thomas Andrews, Shipbuilder
Trees Every Child Should Know: Easy Tree Studies for All Seasons of the Year
Encyclopedia of Diet: A Treatise on the Food Question, Vol. 1
The Early Short Fiction of Edith Wharton — Part 2
Departmental Ditties and Barrack Room Ballads
A Series of Lessons in Raja Yoga
The Mystery of Mary
The Oriental Religions in Roman Paganism
The Triumph Of Night: 1916
Lisbeth Longfrock
The Determined Angler and the Brook Trout: an anthological volume of trout fishing, trout histories, trout lore, trout resorts, and trout tackle
The Devourers
The King's Threshold; and On Baile's Strand
Kentucky's Famous Feuds and Tragedies: Authentic History of the World Renowned Vendettas of the Dark and Bloody Ground
Pierre Curie
Three More John Silence Stories
Winds Of Doctrine: Studies in Contemporary Opinion
Torchy and Vee
Frank Merriwell's Pursuit; Or, How to Win
English: Composition and Literature
The So-called Human Race
The Laughing Cavalier: The Story of the Ancestor of the Scarlet Pimpernel
Trees Worth Knowing
A Thief in the Night: A Book of Raffles' Adventures
Fighting France, from Dunkerque to Belfort
The Women Who Came in the Mayflower
A Book of Quaker Saints
Other Main-Travelled Roads
The Kensington District
From Edinburgh to India & Burmah
Loyal to the School
Bird Neighbors: An Introductory Acquaintance with One Hundred and Fifty Birds Commonly Found in the Gardens, Meadows, and Woods About Our Homes
The Plattner Story, and Others
Incredible Adventures
Dimbie and I—and Amelia
The Reef
Seventeen: A Tale of Youth and Summer Time and the Baxter Family, Especially William
I will repay
The Talleyrand Maxim
The Vanishing Man: A Detective Romance
The Firing Line
Human Foods and Their Nutritive Value
Tyrol and Its People
Our Little Quebec Cousin
Susan
With the Flag to Pretoria: A History of the Boer War of 1899-1900. Volume 1
Princess Badoura: A tale from the Arabian Nights
The Little Man: A Farcical Morality in Three Scenes
The Great Impersonation
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Complete
The Daughter of Anderson Crow
The Man from Home
Atlantis
The Green Mouse
Camping For Boys
The Grammar School Boys of Gridley; or, Dick & Co. Start Things Moving
The Story of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith
L'Aiglon
The Spirit of Japan
Our Domestic Birds: Elementary Lessons in Aviculture
The Terms of Surrender
Semiramis: A Tale of Battle and of Love
Electric Transmission of Water Power
A history of Italian painting
Bunner Sisters
Penrod and Sam
Bismarck and the Foundation of the German Empire
The Field of Clover
The Beach of Dreams: A Romance
The Putnam Hall Champions; or, Bound to Win Out
Fact and Fable in Psychology
Lucerne
Verses 1889-1896
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine
A New Conscience and an Ancient Evil
More Russian Picture Tales
The Secret Glory
Mind and Body; or, Mental States and Physical Conditions
Eskimo Life
The Fleets Behind the Fleet: The Work of the Merchant Seamen and Fishermen in the War
Beethoven
The White Dove
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 4, Dec. 1810-Dec. 1811 : $b Massena's retreat, Fuentes de Oñoro, Albuera, Tarragona
The eyes of innocence
A History of Science — Volume 1
The Home and the World
The Slave of the Lamp
Ways of wood folk
Bird of Paradise
The Loom of Life
Literary New York: Its Landmarks and Associations
Later Poems
The Adventures of a Modest Man
Dear Brutus
Libro segundo de lectura
A Countess from Canada: A Story of Life in the Backwoods
Martin Hewitt, Investigator
The Child of Pleasure
The House of Torchy
Three Philosophical Poets: Lucretius, Dante, and Goethe
For the School Colours
Biblical Geography and History
The Wheel of Fortune
The Thames
The Mark of Cain
The Kingdom of the Yellow Robe: Being Sketches of the Domestic and Religious Rites and Ceremonies of the Siamese
The Art of Kissing: Curiously, Historically, Humorously, Poetically Considered
Half-hours with the Highwaymen - Vol 1: Picturesque Biographies and Traditions of the "Knights of the Road"
The best man
Lady Molly of Scotland Yard
Options
The Arctic Prairies : a Canoe-Journey of 2,000 Miles in Search of the Caribou;: Being the Account of a Voyage to the Region North of Aylemer Lake
The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson, With a Memoir by Arthur Symons
Love and Mr. Lewisham
A Series of Lessons in Gnani Yoga: The Yoga of Wisdom
A Treatise on Simple Counterpoint in Forty Lessons
The Cathedral Church of Canterbury [2nd ed.]: A Description of Its Fabric and a Brief History of the Archiepiscopal See
The Tree-Dwellers
Little Wars (A Game for Boys from twelve years of age to one hundred: and fifty and for that more intelligent sort of girl who likes boys'; games and books)
Round the Wonderful World
Michelangelo
The Tangled Skein
Brownies and Bogles
Trees of Indiana: First Revised Edition (Publication No. 13, Department of Conservation, State of Indiana)
Our Little Porto Rican Cousin
The History of Yiddish Literature in the Nineteenth Century
Mother Earth's Children: The Frolics of the Fruits and Vegetables
Clothing and Health: An Elementary Textbook of Home Making
Old People and the Things That Pass
The Stickit Minister's Wooing, and Other Galloway Stories
The Telescope
Elizabeth, Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary
The Landloper: The Romance of a Man on Foot
The War Romance of the Salvation Army
The Fight for Conservation
The Mystery at Putnam Hall: The School Chums' Strange Discovery
The Rover Boys on Treasure Isle; or, The Strange Cruise of the Steam Yacht
Cupid's Almanac and Guide to Hearticulture for This Year and Next
Girl Scouts in the Adirondacks
The House with the Mezzanine and Other Stories
The Great War in England in 1897
Hoof and Claw
Kashmir, described by Sir Francis Younghusband, painted by Major E. Molyneux
A Short History of Astronomy
Children of the Bush
Pebbles on the shore [by] Alpha of the plough
Letters of Travel (1892-1913)
The Angels of Mons: The Bowmen and Other Legends of the War
Some Turns of Thought in Modern Philosophy: Five Essays
Bella Donna: A Novel
Model Speeches for Practise
South American Fights and Fighters, and Other Tales of Adventure
The One-Way Trail: A story of the cattle country
Bee and Butterfly: A Tale of Two Cousins
Eli and Sibyl Jones, Their Life and Work
A Handbook of Illustration
Our Young Aeroplane Scouts in Germany; or, Winning the Iron Cross
Chats on Cottage and Farmhouse Furniture
The Ingoldsby Country: Literary Landmarks of the "Ingoldsby Legends"
The Putnam Hall Rebellion; or, The Rival Runaways
The Dorrington Deed-Box
New Year's Day (The 'Seventies)
A Daughter of Witches: A Romance
Margaret Ogilvy
National Epics
From One Generation to Another
Monarch, the Big Bear of Tallac
What Philately Teaches: A Lecture Delivered before the Section on Philately of the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences, February 24, 1899
Sir Joshua Reynolds: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter with Introduction and Interpretation
Frank Merriwell's Chums
London Days: A Book of Reminiscences
The Brighton Road: The Classic Highway to the South
Rasputin the Rascal Monk: Disclosing the Secret Scandal of the Betrayal of Russia by the Mock-Monk Grichka and the Consequent Ruin of the Romanoffs. With official documents revealed and recorded for the first time.
The Mystery Girl
The Roadmender
The Mentor: Julius Cæsar, Vol. 6, Num. 2, Serial No. 150, March 1, 1918
Myths and Tales from the White Mountain Apache: Anthropological Papers of the American Museum of Natural History Vol. XXIV, Part II
A Woman In China
A First Book in Writing English
Just David
The Scouts of the Valley
The Pagan Tribes of Borneo: A Description of Their Physical Moral and Intellectual Condition, with Some Discussion of Their Ethnic Relations
The Isle of Unrest
The Founder of New France: A Chronicle of Champlain
The Crux: A Novel
A History of American Literature Since 1870
That Which Hath Wings: A Novel of the Day
Stella Maris
Heart of the West
The Yellow Crayon
Through Russia
The Unwilling Vestal
Embers, Complete
Casanova's Homecoming
The Old Man of the Sea: Ship's Company, Part 11.
Van Dyck: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter with Introduction and Interpretation
The Naval History of the United States. Volume 1
The Jingle Book
Money Magic: A Novel
Peccavi
Upsidonia
Changing China
The Angel of Pain
My Mamie Rose: The Story of My Regeneration
A Queen of Tears, vol. 1 of 2: Caroline Matilda, Queen of Denmark and Norway and Princess of Great Britain and Ireland
The Soul of a Cat, and Other Stories
A History of the Moravian Church
The Minister of Evil: The Secret History of Rasputin's Betrayal of Russia
A Son of the Immortals
The Belovéd Vagabond
The Silent Barrier
Edvard Grieg : The Story of the Boy Who Made Music in the Land of the Midnight Sun
Ethel Morton at Sweetbrier Lodge
Color Key to North American Birds: with bibliographical appendix
Foods and Household Management: A Textbook of the Household Arts
The Woodcraft Girls at Camp
Spanish America, Its Romance, Reality and Future, Vol. 1 (of 2)
The Future in America: A Search After Realities
Strictly Business: More Stories of the Four Million
The Man from Glengarry: A Tale of the Ottawa
The City of Fire
The Devil's Garden
Capitals: A Primer of Information about Capitalization with some Practical Typographic Hints as to the Use of Capitals
The Story of the Mind
Across Asia on a bicycle : $b the journey of two American students from Constantinople to Peking
A Fourth Form Friendship: A School Story
Franz Joseph Haydn : The Story of the Choir Boy who became a Great Composer
The Mortal Gods, and Other Plays
A Practical Hand-book of Drawing for Modern Methods of Reproduction
Christmas Eve on Lonesome and Other Stories
No Hero
The Title: A Comedy in Three Acts
The Mask: A Story of Love and Adventure
Society: Its Origin and Development
Tess of the Storm Country
Sonnie-Boy's People
Frank Merriwell Down South
A Spoil of Office: A Story of the Modern West
The Dop Doctor
Kings in Exile
The Evolution of the Country Community: A Study in Religious Sociology
Spies of the Kaiser: Plotting the Downfall of England
Deep Moat Grange
The Syrian Christ
When a Man's Single: A Tale of Literary Life
The Churches and Modern Thought: An inquiry into the grounds of unbelief and an appeal for candour
By the World Forgot: A Double Romance of the East and West
The Hungry Heart: A Novel
The shooting party
Joe Wilson and His Mates
Real Soldiers of Fortune
The Valley of Decision
Without Prejudice
Queen Lucia
Jewish History : An Essay in the Philosophy of History
The Head Hunters of Northern Luzon
The Blood of the Arena
Franz Schubert : The Story of the Boy Who Wrote Beautiful Songs
Handel : The Story of a Little Boy who Practiced in an Attic
Robt. Schumann : The Story of the Boy Who Made Pictures in Music
Nooks & Corners of Old New York
Leatherface: A Tale of Old Flanders
Armour & Weapons
Greyfriars Bobby
Christmas Entertainments
The World's Great Men of Music: Story-Lives of Master Musicians
With Methuen's Column on an Ambulance Train
Blacksheep! Blacksheep!
Lectures on Stellar Statistics
The Chemistry, Properties and Tests of Precious Stones
The Uses of Italic: A Primer of Information Regarding the Origin and Uses of Italic Letters
The Combined Maze
A Catalogue of Sculpture in the Department of Greek and Roman Antiquities, British Museum, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Life of John Marshall, Volume 1: Frontiersman, soldier, lawmaker, 1755-1788
Who Goes There!
The Road to the Open
The Bronze Age and the Celtic World
The War Stories of Private Thomas Atkins
Burgess Unabridged: A new dictionary of words you have always needed
Syria, the Desert & the Sown
Simon the Jester
December Love
Torchy, Private Sec.
Reincarnation: A Study in Human Evolution
The Kitten's Garden of Verses
Tales of Folk and Fairies
A Young Man in a Hurry, and Other Short Stories
Bosom Friends: A Seaside Story
Verdi : The Story of the Little Boy who Loved the Hand Organ
The Clan Fraser in Canada: Souvenir of the First Annual Gathering
The Fijians: A Study of the Decay of Custom
The Marne: A Tale of the War
The Elizabethan Stage, Vol. 3
The Last Hope
What eight million women want
Architecture and Democracy
The Promise of American Life
The Art of Soul-Winning
Marjorie's Busy Days
Liberalism
The Night Riders: A Romance of Early Montana
The Dover Road: Annals of an Ancient Turnpike
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford: A Cheerful Account of the Rise and Fall of an American Business Buccaneer
Spiritual Adventures
California Mexican-Spanish Cook Book: Selected Mexican and Spanish Recipes
Beau Brocade: A Romance
Hieroglyphics
The home: its work and influence
Chats on Old Clocks
A History of Babylon, from the Foundation of the Monarchy to the Persian Conquest
The Principle of Relativity
Memoirs of Arsène Lupin
In the Days of the Comet
Frank Merriwell at Yale; Or, Freshman Against Freshman
Ailsa Paige: A Novel
The Card, a Story of Adventure in the Five Towns
The New Physics and Its Evolution
The Astonishing History of Troy Town
Bell's Cathedrals: The Abbey Church of Tewkesbury: with some Account of the Priory Church of Deerhurst Gloucestershire
Dave Darrin on Mediterranean Service; or, With Dan Dalzell on European Duty
Apollonius of Tyana, the Philosopher-Reformer of the First Century A.D.
Gas-Engines and Producer-Gas Plants: A Practice Treatise Setting Forth the Principles of Gas-Engines and Producer Design, the Selection and Installation of an Engine, Conditions of Perfect Operation, Producer-Gas Engines and Their Possibilities, the Care of Gas-Engines and Producer-Gas Plants, with a Chapter on Volatile Hydrocarbon and Oil Engines
Life of Frederick Courtenay Selous, D.S.O., Capt. 25th Royal Fusiliers
How to know the ferns : $b A guide to the names, haunts and habitats of our common ferns
Some Persons Unknown
David Blaize
Soliloquies in England, and Later Soliloquies
Translation of the Life of Omar ibn Said: Manuscript No. 1
Roman Public Life
Omnibuses and cabs : $b their origin and history
The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel
The Fighting Chance
Hemp Hurds as Paper-Making Material
The Heart of Unaga
Quaker Hill: A Sociological Study
The Bow, Its History, Manufacture and Use: 'The Strad' Library, No. III.
The Norwegian Fjords
The Fiction Factory: Being the experience of a writer who, for twenty-two years, has kept a story-mill grinding successfully
American Book-Plates: A Guide to Their Study with Examples
Kibun Daizin; Or, From Shark-Boy to Merchant Prince
The call of the night rider : $b A story of the days of William Tyndale
The Bridge-Builders
Northern Lights, Volume 1.
The High School Boys' Fishing Trip
Cap'n Abe, Storekeeper: A Story of Cape Cod
His Life: A Complete Story in the Words of the Four Gospels
The Golden Goose Book
Genuine Mediumship; or, The Invisible Powers
A History of the Nineteenth Century, Year by Year. Volume 2 (of 3)
Cloudy Jewel
Notes of a Camp-Follower on the Western Front
Yellow Thunder, Our Little Indian Cousin
The Anatomy of the Human Peritoneum and Abdominal Cavity: Considered from the Standpoint of Development and Comparative Anatomy
The History of Modern Painting, Volume 3 (of 4): Revised edition continued by the author to the end of the XIX century
Sons of the Morning
The Philosophy of Giambattista Vico
The tower
George Sand: Some Aspects of Her Life and Writings
The Skin Game (A Tragi-Comedy)
Sadhana : the realisation of life
The Magnetic North
A Short History of Monks and Monasteries
Evolution Of The Japanese, Social And Psychic
The Head Voice and Other Problems: Practical Talks on Singing
Henry VIII.
The Counts of Gruyère
My Daily Meditation for the Circling Year
Jan and Her Job
American Red Cross Text-Book on Home Hygiene and Care of the Sick
The Wye and Its Associations: A Picturesque Ramble
Concerning Children
The Life of John Marshall, Volume 4: The building of the nation, 1815-1835
Mammon and Co.
Hogarth
Polly's Southern Cruise
Uncle Sam
History of Sanitation
The Heart of the Red Firs: A Story of the Pacific Northwest
Æsthetic as science of expression and general linguistic
The History of the Telephone
Mike Flannery On Duty and Off
A Canadian Manor and Its Seigneurs: The Story of a Hundred Years, 1761-1861
Raphael: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter with Introduction and Interpretation
The Story of Rouen
Polly and Eleanor
Pharisaism, Its Aim and Its Method
In Vanity Fair: A Tale of Frocks and Femininity
Bonnie Prince Fetlar: The Story of a Pony and His Friends
Days to Remember: The British Empire in the Great War
The Fortune of the Landrays
The Discovery of Radium: Address by Madame M. Curie at Vassar College
France at War: On the Frontier of Civilization
The Pearl: A Middle English Poem, A Modern Version in the Metre of the Original
Dave Porter at Star Ranch; Or, The Cowboy's Secret
The Goat-gland Transplantation: As Originated and Successfully Performed by J. R. Brinkley, M. D., of Milford, Kansas, U. S. A., in Over 600 Operations Upon Men and Women
Peeps at Many Lands: Burma
Kidnapped at the Altar; Or, The Romance of that Saucy Jessie Bain
Far Off Things
The Pastor's Wife
Cathedral Cities of Italy
The Bath Road: History, Fashion, & Frivolity on an Old Highway
His Majesty's Well-Beloved: An Episode in the Life of Mr. Thomas Betteron as told by His Friend John Honeywood
The Vertebrate Skeleton
The Cornish Coast (South), and the Isles of Scilly
The Lost Continent
The Glimpses of the Moon
The Wheels of Chance: A Bicycling Idyll
The Country House
An Introductory Course of Quantitative Chemical Analysis: With Explanatory Notes
The Chorus Girl and Other Stories
The Facts About Shakespeare
Apologia Diffidentis
The Strollers
Stepsons of Light
The Secret of Sarek
Successward: A Young Man's Book for Young Men
Plague: Its Cause and the Manner of its Extension, Its Menace, Its Control and Suppression, Its Diagnosis and Treatment
An Old New Zealander; or, Te Rauparaha, the Napoleon of the South.
The Garden of Swords
Molly, the Drummer Boy: A Story of the Revolution
Arabia: The Cradle of Islam: Studies in the Geography, People and Politics of the Peninsula, with an Account of Islam and Mission-Work.
Reminiscences of Tolstoy, by His Son
The Beautiful Lady
The Logbooks of the Lady Nelson: With the journal of her first commander Lieutenant James Grant
The Lions of the Lord: A Tale of the Old West
The Price of Love
Outwitting Our Nerves: A Primer of Psychotherapy
Poison Island
For the Sake of the School
Pierre and Luce
The Head Girl at the Gables
The Day of Wrath: A Story of 1914
The Lure of the Camera
The Quest: The authorized translation from the Dutch of De kleine Johannes
The Camp-life of the Third Regiment
The City of the Sultan; and Domestic Manners of the Turks, in 1836, Vol. 1 (of 2)
Amurath to Amurath
In the World
On Sunset Highways: A Book of Motor Rambles in California
A tragedy of love and hate : $b or, a woman's vow
Literary Taste: How to Form It: With Detailed Instructions for Collecting a Complete Library of English Literature
A Hoosier Chronicle
The Princess of the School
The Shadow World
The Gospel of Luke, an exposition
The Great Painters' Gospel: Pictures Representing Scenes and Incidents in the Life of Our Lord Jesus Christ
Georgina's Service Stars
The Life of John Marshall, Volume 2: Politician, diplomatist, statesman, 1789-1801
A Day with William Shakespeare
Paris and the Social Revolution: A Study of the Revolutionary Elements in the Various Classes of Parisian Society
Hands Around [Reigen]: A Cycle of Ten Dialogues
The Simple Adventures of a Memsahib
Hadrian the Seventh
The D'Arblay mystery
Through the first Antarctic night, 1898-1899 : $b a narrative of the voyage of the "Belgica" among newly discovered lands and over an unknown sea about the south pole
The Early Short Fiction of Edith Wharton — Part 1
The Dark Flower
Bengal Dacoits and Tigers
Northumberland Yesterday and To-day
The Khasis
The Young Man and the World
The Great White Queen: A Tale of Treasure and Treason
Dramatic Reader for Lower Grades
The War in the Air; Vol. 1: The Part played in the Great War by the Royal Air Force
Dramatic Technique
Occultism and Common-Sense
Blue Robin, the Girl Pioneer
In Northern Mists: Arctic Exploration in Early Times (Volume 2 of 2)
Convict Life at the Minnesota State Prison, Stillwater, Minnesota
Mechanics of the Household: A Course of Study Devoted to Domestic Machinery and Household Mechanical Appliances
Sign Talk: A Universal Signal Code, Without Apparatus, for Use in the Army, the Navy, Camping, Hunting, and Daily Life
The French Revolution
The Constitution of the United States: A Brief Study of the Genesis, Formulation and Political Philosophy of the Constitution
The Nest of the Sparrowhawk: A Romance of the XVIIth Century
Mildred's Inheritance; Just Her Way; Ann's Own Way
Charles Lamb
Figures of Several Centuries
The Mythological Zoo
The Biography of a Grizzly
The Story of Florence
Chronicles of Martin Hewitt
The Other Side of the Sun: Fairy Stories
Elementary Zoology, Second Edition
Talleyrand: A Biographical Study
The War in the East: Japan, China, and Corea
Members of the Family
Unravelled Knots
Unhuman tour : $b (Kusamakura)
The Advance of English Poetry in the Twentieth Century
Fort Amity
In Tune with the Infinite; or, Fullness of Peace, Power, and Plenty
Black Spirits and White: A Book of Ghost Stories
Atheism in Pagan Antiquity
Six Centuries of Painting
The Green Helmet and Other Poems
Cathedral Cities of Spain
The Turn of the Balance
Pony Tracks
Constantinople: The Story of the Old Capital of the Empire
Thought-Culture; Or, Practical Mental Training
History of the Jews in Russia and Poland, Volume 1 [of 3]: From the Beginning until the Death of Alexander I (1825)
Connaught
Natural Wonders
Aristotle
The Art of Aubrey Beardsley
The Pipes of War: A Record of Achievements of Pipers of Scottish and Overseas Regiments during the War, 1914-18
The Invasion of 1910, with a full account of the siege of London
The Translation of a Savage, Volume 3
The Life of Captain Matthew Flinders
Frenzied Fiction
Nedra
The Life and Death of Richard Yea-and-Nay
Beyond The Rocks: A Love Story
From the Valley of the Missing
The Judgment of Eve
A Tar-Heel Baron
Dwellers in Arcady: The Story of an Abandoned Farm
My Impressions of America
Among the Wild Tribes of the Afghan Frontier: A Record of Sixteen Years' Close Intercourse with the Natives of the Indian Marches
The Hill of Venus
Ingres
The Sandman's Hour: Stories for Bedtime
The Great North Road, the Old Mail Road to Scotland: York to Edinburgh
The Laughing Girl
Orlóff and His Wife: Tales of the Barefoot Brigade
The Unadjusted Girl, With Cases and Standpoint for Behavior Analysis
Visible and Invisible
The Assault on Mount Everest, 1922
Andreas Vesalius, the Reformer of Anatomy
Among Congo cannibals
Merton of the Movies
When Egypt Went Broke: A Novel
The Rover Boys in Business; Or, The Search for the Missing Bonds
Mr. Justice Raffles
The Tracer of Lost Persons
Lobo, Rag and Vixen: Being The Personal Histories Of Lobo, Redruff, Raggylug & Vixen
The Religion of Babylonia and Assyria
A Son of the Middle Border
Stalky & Co.
The Vagabond in Literature
The Story of Moscow
The Wars of Religion in France 1559-1576: The Huguenots, Catherine de Medici and Philip II
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 3, Sep. 1809-Dec. 1810 : $b Ocaña, Cadiz, Bussaco, Torres Vedras
The Life of Clara Barton, Founder of the American Red Cross (Vol. 1 of 2)
A Daughter of the Land
The Dawn of Canadian History : A Chronicle of Aboriginal Canada
Oh, Money! Money! A Novel
A Fool and His Money
Four Max Carrados Detective Stories
Ade's Fables
The Doctor of Pimlico: Being the Disclosure of a Great Crime
The Leader of the Lower School: A Tale of School Life
Creating Capital: Money-making as an aim in business
Aircraft and Submarines: The Story of the Invention, Development, and Present-Day Uses of War's Newest Weapons
Landseer: A collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait of the painter with introduction and interpretation
The Great Return
Psychotherapy: Including the History of the Use of Mental Influence, Directly and Indirectly, in Healing and the Principles for the Application of Energies Derived from the Mind to the Treatment of Disease
The Trial of Oscar Wilde, from the Shorthand Reports
The Expositor's Bible: Index
The Rover Boys Down East; or, The Struggle for the Stanhope Fortune
A Prairie-Schooner Princess
The Tables of the Law; & The Adoration of the Magi
The Confessions of a Daddy
Hours with the Ghosts or, Nineteenth Century Witchcraft: Illustrated Investigations into the Phenomena of Spiritualism and Theosophy
A Little English Gallery
The Adventures of Dr. Thorndyke: (The Singing Bone)
Aërial Navigation: A Popular Treatise on the Growth of Air Craft and on Aëronautical Meteorology
Darwin and Modern Science
The Princess Priscilla's Fortnight
Christian Mysticism
The Later Cave-Men
The Golden Woman: A Story of the Montana Hills
Erdgeist (Earth-Spirit): A Tragedy in Four Acts
His Last Week: The Story of the Passion and Resurrection of Jesus in the Words of the Four Gospels
The Haunted Pajamas
The Wonderful Visit
The Great Mogul
The Woman of Mystery
Sounding the Ocean of Air: Being Six Lectures Delivered Before the Lowell Institute of Boston, in December 1898
For the Soul of Rafael
Church Bells
The Land of the Boxers; or, China under the Allies
The Preaching of Islam: A History of the Propagation of the Muslim Faith
The First and the Last: A Drama in Three Scenes
You Never Know Your Luck; being the story of a matrimonial deserter. Complete
The Shadow of the Rope
Watts (1817-1904)
Leonora
Hocken and Hunken: A Tale of Troy
Michelangelo: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Master, with Introduction and Interpretation
The Danger Mark
Jack Haydon's Quest
The Wind Before the Dawn
The Secret of the League: The Story of a Social War
A Greek Primer: For Beginners in New Testament Greek
The Psychology of Salesmanship
The Life and Letters of Lafcadio Hearn, Volume 2
Over the Canadian Battlefields: Notes of a Little Journey in France, in March, 1919
The Labour-saving House
Some Animal Stories
The Story of Milan
The Secret Tomb
Queen Maria Sophia of Naples, a Forgotten Heroine
The Gift of Black Folk: The Negroes in the Making of America
Scott's Last Expedition, Volume I: Being the journals of Captain R. F. Scott
The Lion and the Mouse: A Story of American Life
Mayfair, Belgravia, and Bayswater
Uncle Sam's Boys in the Ranks; or, Two Recruits in the United States Army
The Tremendous Event
Lefty Locke, pitcher-manager
The Lure of Old London
The Heart of Princess Osra
Nuggets of the New Thought: Several Things That Have Helped People
Inventing for Boys
The Woodman: A Romance of the Times of Richard III
Where Your Treasure Is: Being the Personal Narrative of Ross Sidney, Diver
Round about a Pound a Week
Alice Adams
Michael
Robert Browning: How to Know Him
Dead Men's Money
The Soul of a Child
An Elementary Course in Synthetic Projective Geometry
Added Upon: A Story
The Black Douglas
Roman Britain in 1914
The Return Of The Soul: 1896
Nationality and Race from an Anthropologist's Point of View: Being the Robert Boyle lecture delivered before the Oxford university junior scientific club on November 17, 1919
Cupid's Middleman
Pioneering in Cuba : $b a narrative of the settlement of La Gloria, the first American colony in Cuba, and the early experiences of the pioneers
The Three Eyes
Thomas Moore
Essays on Modern Novelists
The Shoes of Fortune
The Law Inevitable
Selina: Her Hopeful Efforts and Her Livelier Failures
German Atrocities from German Evidence
The White Cat
The Red Cow and Her Friends
The History of Korea (vol. 2 of 2)
Japonette
Drawing for Printers.: A practical treatise on the art of designing and illustrating in connection with typography. Containing complete instruction, fully illustrated, concerning the art of drawing, for the beginner as well as the more advanced student.
The Black Barque: A Tales of the Pirate Slave-Ship Gentle Hand on Her Last African Cruise
China Revolutionized
Love
A Romany of the Snows, vol. 1: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
A Short History of the Great War
England and the War
Dick Prescott's Fourth Year at West Point: Or, Ready to Drop the Gray for Shoulder Straps
Shorty McCabe on the Job
The Wonder Island Boys: Treasures of the Islands
Making a Rock Garden
Ghetto Comedies
A Daughter of the Union
Careers of Danger and Daring
The Story of Seville
Woven with the Ship: A Novel of 1865: Together with certain other veracious tales of various sorts
'Round the Year in Myth and Song
Quaint Korea
The April Baby's Book of Tunes: with the story of how they came to be written
The Turmoil: A Novel
Kai Lung's Golden Hours
A History of Science — Volume 2
The American Spirit in Literature: A Chronicle of Great Interpreters
Journalism for Women: A Practical Guide
Mary Marie
Tommy and Grizel
Sane Sex Life and Sane Sex Living: Some Things That All Sane People Ought to Know About Sex Nature and Sex Functioning; Its Place in the Economy of Life, Its Proper Training and Righteous Exercise
Korea's Fight for Freedom
Prince Jan, St. Bernard
Foe-Farrell
The Little Colonel's Christmas Vacation
Manual of Surgery Volume Second: Extremities—Head—Neck. Sixth Edition.
William Bradford of Plymouth
Franz Liszt : The Story of a Boy Who Became a Great Pianist and Teacher
The Girls of St. Cyprian's: A Tale of School Life
The Tour: A Story of Ancient Egypt
Shelburne Essays, Third Series
Tales and Legends of the English Lakes
Medieval Medicine
The Wyndham Girls
The Elizabethan Stage, Vol. 1
Stories from the Iliad; Or, the siege of Troy
Monsieur Beaucaire
On The Art of Reading
Wilt Thou Torchy
Mary Gray
Major Vigoureux
Before the Dawn: A Story of the Fall of Richmond
The Youngest Girl in the Fifth: A School Story
Across Coveted Lands; or, a Journey from Flushing (Holland) to Calcutta Overland
The Dead Are Silent: 1907
Old Quebec: The Fortress of New France
Farthest North, Vol. II: Being the Record of a Voyage of Exploration of the Ship 'Fram' 1893-1896
Those Dale Girls
Bill's School and Mine: A Collection of Essays on Education
The Surprising Adventures of Sir Toady Lion with Those of General Napoleon Smith: An Improving History for Old Boys, Young Boys, Good Boys, Bad Boys, Big Boys, Little Boys, Cow Boys, and Tom-Boys
Tales of Mean Streets
Miss Santa Claus of the Pullman
The Submarine in War and Peace: Its Development and its Possibilities
In the Misty Seas: A Story of the Sealers of Behring Strait
Interpretations of Poetry and Religion
China under the Empress Dowager : $b Being the history of the life and times of Tzŭ Hsi
What to eat and when
Miss Minerva and William Green Hill
Pelle the Conqueror — Complete
The Young Engineers in Arizona; or, Laying Tracks on the Man-killer Quicksand
The Greater Inclination
The Man Whom the Trees Loved
Outspoken Essays
Musicians of to-day
Division of Words: Rules for the Division of Words at the Ends of Lines, with Remarks on Spelling, Syllabication and Pronunciation
The Rescue of the Princess Winsome: A Fairy Play for Old and Young
The Story of the Three Little Pigs
Three Things
How I Know God Answers Prayer: The Personal Testimony of One Life-Time
Change in the Village
Historical materialism and the economics of Karl Marx
Handel
Six Major Prophets
Light-Fingered Gentry
Forest Days: A Romance of Old Times
The Kingdom of the Blind
Brewster's Millions
When the Holy Ghost is Come
In the Fourth Year: Anticipations of a World Peace
The Cook's Wedding and Other Stories
Joan of Arc of the North Woods
Boys of The Fort; Or, A Young Captain's Pluck
Practical Exercises in Elementary Meteorology
The Story of Siena and San Gimignano
The life of Voltaire
Russia in the Shadows
The Old Maid (The 'Fifties)
Tales of the Unexpected
The Irish Guards in the Great War, Volume 2 (of 2) : $b The Second Battalion and Appendices
Laddie: A True Blue Story
Increasing Human Efficiency in Business: A Contribution to the Psychology of Business
Lin McLean
Four Girls and a Compact
History of Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, and Other Items of Interest
Physiology and Hygiene for Secondary Schools
Twenty Years of Balkan Tangle
Friendship
Glory of Youth
The Peter Pan Alphabet
Ravensdene Court
Otherwise Phyllis
The Manor House School
All the Way to Fairyland: Fairy Stories
Knots, Bends, Splices: With tables of strengths of ropes, etc. and wire rigging
The Squire's Daughter: Being the First Book in the Chronicles of the Clintons
The Girl from Arizona
A Day with Lord Byron
The Children's Story of the War Volume 4 (of 10): The Story of the Year 1915
The Enemies of Women (Los enemigos de la mujer)
Cardigan
The Australian Army Medical Corps in Egypt: An Illustrated and Detailed Account of the Early Organisation and Work of the Australian Medical Units in Egypt in 1914-1915
The Incubator Baby
Brothers: The True History of a Fight Against Odds
A history of England
India and Tibet: A history of the relations which have subsisted between the two countries from the time of Warren Hastings to 1910; with a particular account of the mission to Lhasa of 1904
The Master; a Novel
The Origin and Development of the Moral Ideas
The Magic House, and Other Poems
False Evidence
History of the Gatling Gun Detachment, Fifth Army Corps, at Santiago: With a Few Unvarnished Truths Concerning that Expedition
Crucial Instances
Sailors' Knots (Entire Collection)
The Wings of the Morning
The Trumpeter Swan
The Rover Boys in the Air; Or, From College Campus to the Clouds
The Eyes of the Woods: A Story of the Ancient Wilderness
The Proud Prince
The Treasure Trail: A Romance of the Land of Gold and Sunshine
The Hidden Force: A Story of Modern Java
These Twain
Birds in Flight
Belgians Under the German Eagle
Galicia, the Switzerland of Spain
In Black and White
A Handbook of Modern Japan
A year of prophesying
Jnâna Yoga, Part II: Seven Lectures
The Voyages of Captain Scott : Retold from the Voyage of the Discovery and Scott's Last Expedition
Are You a Bromide?: The Sulphitic Theory Expounded and Exemplified According to the Most Recent Researches into the Psychology of Boredom, Including Many Well-Known Bromidioms Now in Use
The True George Washington [10th Ed.]
Jean François Millet: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter, with Introduction and Interpretation
A Librarian's Open Shelf: Essays on Various Subjects
Piano Mastery: Talks with Master Pianists and Teachers
The Easiest Way: A Story of Metropolitan Life
The Hill: A Romance of Friendship
The Green Carnation
John Hus: A brief story of the life of a martyr
An Eagle Flight: A Filipino Novel Adapted from Noli Me Tangere
The Third Degree: A Narrative of Metropolitan Life
The Campaign of the Jungle; Or, Under Lawton through Luzon
Food in War Time
Above the Battle
Wagner : The Story of the Boy Who Wrote Little Plays
The Lady of the Mount
My Little Sister
Natalie: A Garden Scout
The Huguenot: A Tale of the French Protestants. Volumes I-III
The Pillar of Light
Picture-Work
Mr. Witt's Widow: A Frivolous Tale
Round the Corner in Gay Street
The Mystery of Choice
Montreal, 1535-1914. Vol. 2. Under British Rule, 1760-1914
The House of Orchids, and Other Poems
The Wallet of Kai Lung
A Bit O' Love
Notes of a War Correspondent
The Sky Pilot in No Man's Land
The Deluge
Milton
The Rough Road
The Fathers of New England: A Chronicle of the Puritan Commonwealths
The Social Principles of Jesus
Conservation Through Engineering: Extract from the Annual Report of the Secretary of the Interior
The Popes and Science: The History of the Papal Relations to Science During the Middle Ages and Down to Our Own Time
The Fortunate Isles: Life and Travel in Majorca, Minorca and Iviza
Votes for Women: A Play in Three Acts
Beleaguered in Pekin: The Boxer's War Against the Foreigner
Germany's Fighting Machine: Her Army, her Navy, her Air-ships and Why She Arrayed Them Against the Allied Powers of Europe
The Osbornes
Back Home
The Centaur
Simon Magus: An Essay on the Founder of Simonianism Based on the Ancient Sources With a Re-Evaluation of His Philosophy and Teachings
Psychology and Industrial Efficiency
The Little Colonel's House Party
A Short History of English Agriculture
An Introduction to the Industrial and Social History of England
The Lost Art of Reading
Under the Southern Cross
The Car That Went Abroad: Motoring Through the Golden Age
Prairie Smoke, a Collection of Lore of the Prairies
The Life of John Marshall, Volume 3: Conflict and construction, 1800-1815
Homes and Careers in Canada
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 2 (of 8): The King's Threshold. On Baile's Strand. Deirdre. Shadowy Waters
The Hand of the Mighty, and Other Stories
The Intruder
Mahatma Gandhi: The Man Who Became One With the Universal Being
The City of Dreadful Night
The Red Cross Girl
The Counterpane Fairy
The Spell of Egypt
The World for Sale, Complete
Five Lectures on Reincarnation
Crooked Trails
More Goops and How Not to Be Them: A Manual of Manners for Impolite Infants
Christopher and Columbus
An Englishwoman's Love-Letters
Thomas Henry Huxley; A Sketch Of His Life And Work
One Woman's Life
We Ten: Or, The Story of the Roses
Brother Copas
The Little Colonel: Maid of Honor
Across Unknown South America
Special Messenger
The Eye of Osiris
Patty's Friends
The Private Library: What We Do Know, What We Don't Know, What We Ought to Know About Our Books
Francezka
The Hollow Tree Snowed-In Book: Being a continuation of stories about the Hollow Tree and Deep Woods people
Stories of the Scottish Border
The Grey Friars in Oxford
Arundel
Forty Thousand Miles Over Land and Water: The Journal of a Tour Through the British Empire and America
A Desk-Book of Errors in English: Including Notes on Colloquialisms and Slang to be Avoided in Conversation
War Medals and Their History
My Brother, Theodore Roosevelt
Seventeen trips through Somáliland: A record of exploration & big game shooting, 1885 to 1893
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Stephen Leacock
A Crowned Queen: The Romance of a Minister of State
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Complete
Mankind in the Making
The Rover Boys In The Mountains; Or, A Hunt for Fun and Fortune
The Tin Soldier
Mrs. Piper & the Society for Psychical Research
Double Trouble; Or, Every Hero His Own Villain
The Flag Goes By
Little Busybodies: The Life of Crickets, Ants, Bees, Beetles, and Other Busybodies
The Spirit of American Government: A Study Of The Constitution: Its Origin, Influence And; Relation To Democracy
Word Study and English Grammar: A Primer of Information about Words, Their Relations and Their Uses
Sónnica
The Guns of Europe
A Child of the Jago
The life and teaching of Karl Marx
Oriental Rugs, Antique and Modern
The Barren Ground of Northern Canada
Theodore Watts-Dunton: Poet, Novelist, Critic
The Whirl: A Romance of Washington Society
Italian Villas and Their Gardens
A Prince of Swindlers
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 5, Oct. 1811-Aug. 31, 1812 : $b Valencia, Ciudad Rodrigo, Badajoz, Salamanca, Madrid
The Minor Horrors of War
Re-creations
Three Elephant Power, and Other Stories
Barlasch of the Guard
Children's Classics in Dramatic Form, A Reader for the Fourth Grade
The foundations of Japan : $b Notes made during journeys of 6,000 miles in the rural districts as a basis for a sounder knowledge of the Japanese people
Then Marched the Brave
Dante: "The Central Man of All the World": A Course of Lectures Delivered Before the Student Body of the New York State College for Teachers, Albany, 1919, 1920
Left on the Labrador: A Tale of Adventure Down North
Text Book of Biology, Part 1: Vertebrata
Polly's Business Venture
The Trail of the Goldseekers: A Record of Travel in Prose and Verse
Blood and Iron: Origin of German Empire As Revealed by Character of Its Founder, Bismarck
A Modern Symposium
The Girl in the Mirror
The Psychological Origin and the Nature of Religion
The Great Company: Being a History of the Honourable Company of Merchants-Adventurers Trading into Hudson's Bay
Lochinvar: A Novel
Mr. Poskitt's Nightcaps: Stories of a Yorkshire Farmer
The Gypsy's Parson: his experiences and adventures
Fathers of Men
In the Ypres Salient: The Story of a Fortnight's Canadian Fighting, June 2-16, 1916
The Burial Customs of the Ancient Greeks
The de Bercy Affair
Great Disasters and Horrors in the World's History
Tales from Gorky
Hartmann, the Anarchist; Or, The Doom of the Great City
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of James Matthew Barrie
Joan and Peter: The story of an education
A Brief History of Printing in England: A Short History of Printing in England from Caxton to the Present Time
The story of the Philippines, for use in the schools of the Philippine Islands
Austria-Hungary
The Secret Places of the Heart
A Millionaire of Yesterday
Main-Travelled Roads
Floor Games; a companion volume to "Little Wars"
The Mariner of St. Malo : A chronicle of the voyages of Jacques Cartier
Castle Craneycrow
The Winning of Canada: a Chronicle of Wolfe
The Power and the Glory
Children of the Ghetto: A Study of a Peculiar People
Wanted, a Young Woman to Do Housework: Business principles applied to housework
The Congo and Coasts of Africa
The Lion's Share
My War Experiences in Two Continents
Child Songs of Cheer
Northland Heroes
The Rover Boys on a Hunt; or, The Mysterious House in the Woods
Eliza
Autres Temps...: 1916
Blue-Bird Weather
The Hound From The North
The Forests of Mount Rainier National Park
The Captain of the Gray-Horse Troop
Witching Hill
The Great Captain: A Story of the Days of Sir Walter Raleigh
The Battleship Boys at Sea; Or, Two Apprentices in Uncle Sam's Navy
A Tatter of Scarlet: Adventurous Episodes of the Commune in the Midi 1871
Commercial Law
The Imported Bridegroom, and Other Stories of the New York Ghetto
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 3 (of 8): The Countess Cathleen. The Land of Heart's Desire. The Unicorn from the Stars
A Bachelor's Comedy
Blood Atonement and the Origin of Plural Marriage: A Discussion
The Practical Book of Oriental Rugs
Up in Maine: Stories of Yankee Life Told in Verse
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of William Butler Yeats
Peter and Alexis: The Romance of Peter the Great
The Strange Adventures of a Pebble
In the Wilderness
When Valmond Came to Pontiac: The Story of a Lost Napoleon. Complete
Imaginations and Reveries
The Damned
The Tree of Heaven
Children of the Mist
Wilderness ways
The Opera: A Sketch of the Development of Opera. With full Descriptions of all Works in the Modern Repertory.
Talks on Talking
Fairies and Folk of Ireland
Half a Hero: A Novel
Games for the Playground, Home, School and Gymnasium
The Search
The Riflemen of the Ohio: A Story of the Early Days along "The Beautiful River"
Successful Stock Speculation
The Great Miss Driver
A Little Book of Christmas
Euripides and His Age
The Cornflower, and Other Poems
Prophets of Dissent : Essays on Maeterlinck, Strindberg, Nietzsche and Tolstoy
Benjamin Franklin; Self-Revealed, Volume 2 (of 2): A Biographical and Critical Study Based Mainly on his own Writings
Library Bookbinding
The Little Colonel's Knight Comes Riding
With the Judæans in the Palestine Campaign
Our Little Cuban Cousin
Bud: A Novel
The Science and Philosophy of the Organism
On Yacht Sailing: A Simple Treatise for Beginners upon the Art of Handling Small Yachts and Boats
Frank Reade and His Steam Horse
The Girl Philippa
Winter Sports in Switzerland
Panama and the Canal in Picture and Prose
The copper box
The orchestra and its instruments
A Spirit in Prison
A Cumberland Vendetta
Haydn
The Vultures
The Extra Day
An Outback Marriage: A Story of Australian Life
The Czar's Spy: The Mystery of a Silent Love
The Elephant God
The Rocket Book
The Wonder Island Boys: The Mysteries of the Caverns
The Wonder Island Boys: Adventures on Strange Islands
The Venetian Painters of the Renaissance: Third Edition
Odd Numbers: Being Further Chronicles of Shorty McCabe
The Doomsman
The Double Four
The Monkey's Paw
The Forerunners
The Adventures of Elizabeth in Rügen
The Hollow Tree and Deep Woods Book: being a new edition in one volume of "The Hollow Tree" and "In The Deep Woods" with several new stories and pictures added
A little brother to the bear, and other animal studies
The Love Affairs of Lord Byron
Legends of the Bastille
The Bright Messenger
Red Fox: The Story of His Adventurous Career in the Ringwaak Wilds and of His Final Triumph over the Enemies of His Kind
Comedies and Errors
The Golden Rule Cook Book: Six hundred recipes for meatless dishes
With the Persian Expedition
Recollections of full years
As a thief in the night
The Fighting Governor : A Chronicle of Frontenac
The Maid-At-Arms: A Novel
Story of Chester Lawrence: Being the Completed Account of One who Played an Important Part in "Piney Ridge Cottage"
American Merchant Ships and Sailors
Ohio Biological Survey, Bull. 10, Vol. 11, No. 6: The Ascomycetes of Ohio IV and V
The Fruit of the Tree
The Working of Steel: Annealing, Heat Treating and Hardening of Carbon and Alloy Steel
Cinderella in the South: Twenty-Five South African Tales
Emmy Lou: Her Book and Heart
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens
Mrs. Raffles: Being the Adventures of an Amateur Crackswoman
Stained Glass Tours in England
My attainment of the Pole : $b being the record of the expedition that first reached the boreal center, 1907-1909. With the final summary of the polar controversy
Forest Trees of Illinois: How to Know Them
The Children's Life of the Bee
The Conflict of Religions in the Early Roman Empire
Extinct birds : $b An attempt to unite in one volume a short account of those birds which have become extinct in historical times
The City of Masks
Stromboli and the Guns
Robert Annys: Poor Priest. A Tale of the Great Uprising
The Old World in the New: The Significance of Past and Present Immigration to the American People
Rousseau and Romanticism
The Depths of the Soul: Psycho-Analytical Studies
Sarah Bernhardt
Agriculture of the Hidatsa Indians: An Indian Interpretation
The Thousand Buddhas: Ancient Buddhist Paintings from the Cave-Temples of Tun-huang on the Western Frontier of China
The Elizabethan Stage, Vol. 2
The vigilantes of Montana; Or, popular justice in the Rocky Mountains: Being a correct and impartial narrative of the chase, trial, capture and execution of Henry Plummer's road agent band, together with accounts of the lives and crimes of many of the robbers and desperadoes, the whole being interspersed with sketches of life in the mining camps of the "Far West"
Books and how to make the most of them
The history of the seal of the United States
Life histories of North American woodpeckers
The boy, me and the cat : $b Cruise of the Mascot, 1912-1913
Animal Heroes
The Prophet of Berkeley Square
The Doctor : A Tale of the Rockies
The Rosary
Flint and Feather: Collected Verse
Mrs. Falchion, Complete
Across the Years
Terre Napoleón; a History of French Explorations and Projects in Australia
The Matador of the Five Towns and Other Stories
The Red Redmaynes
Songs from Books
Richard Wagner, Composer of Operas
Successful Methods of Public Speaking
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Exeter: A Description of Its Fabric and a Brief History of the Episcopal See
The Book of the National Parks
The Madcap of the School
They of the High Trails
A line-o'-verse or two
A Journal of Impressions in Belgium
Trees and Shrubs for English Gardens
The Trail of the Axe: A Story of Red Sand Valley
The Hunchback of Westminster
The Luminous Face
New Zealand Moths and Butterflies (Macro-Lepidoptera)
The Gospel of St. John
The Message
The Human Boy Again
Six Girls and Bob: A Story of Patty-Pans and Green Fields
Costume: Fanciful, Historical and Theatrical
Ibrahim Pasha: Grand Vizir of Suleiman the Magnificent
Cynthia Ann Parker: The Story of Her Capture at the Massacre of the Inmates of Parker's Fort; of Her Quarter of a Century Spent Among the Comanches, as the Wife of the War Chief, Peta Nocona; and of Her Recapture at the Battle of Pease River, by Captain L. S. Ross, of the Texian Rangers
The Fireless Cook Book: A Manual of the Construction and Use of Appliances for Cooking by Retained Heat, with 250 Recipes
The 13th District: A Story of a Candidate
What Diantha Did
At Sunwich Port, Complete
The Author's Craft
The Crime Against Europe: A Possible Outcome of the War of 1914
Vocal Mastery: Talks with Master Singers and Teachers, Comprising Interviews with Caruso, Farrar, Maurel, Lehmann, and Others
The Fertility of the Unfit
Correggio: A Collection of Fifteen Pictures and a Portrait of the Painter with Introduction and Interpretation
Home Pastimes; or Tableaux Vivants
The Secret of the Storm Country
Tristram of Blent: An Episode in the Story of an Ancient House
Lorimer of the Northwest
Alice in Blunderland: An Iridescent Dream
The century of Columbus
Her Infinite Variety
Peggy Owen, Patriot: A Story for Girls
Text books of art education, v. 4 of 7. Book IV, Fourth Year
The Incendiary: A Story of Mystery
The Maker of Rainbows, and Other Fairy-tales and Fables
The Lost Pibroch, and other Sheiling Stories
Fairy Tales from Many Lands
Aunt Crete's Emancipation
The Gate of Remembrance: The Story of the Psychological Experiment which Resulted in the Discovery of the Edgar Chapel at Glastonbury
Master and Maid
The Poems of Madison Cawein, Volume 2 (of 5): New world idylls and poems of love
The Future of the Women's Movement
The Literary History of the Adelphi and Its Neighbourhood
The Flower-Fields of Alpine Switzerland: An Appreciation and a Plea
Angels of the Battlefield: A History of the Labors of the Catholic Sisterhoods in the Late Civil War
The White Eagle of Poland
The Threefold Commonwealth
Obstetrics for Nurses
Pictures of People
The dream: A novel
The lonely house
A History of Science — Volume 3
The Boys' Life of Abraham Lincoln
Seven Maids of Far Cathay: Being English Notes From a Chinese Class Book
My Four Years in Germany
The Created Legend
The Non-Christian Cross: An Enquiry into the Origin and History of the Symbol Eventually Adopted as That of Our Religion
The Man from Brodney's
The Three Brontës
Half A Chance
The Cab of the Sleeping Horse
Thoughts I Met on the Highway: Words of Friendly Cheer From "The Life Books"
Adrift on an Ice-Pan
The Moccasin Ranch: A Story of Dakota
Bubbles of the Foam
Mary Ware's Promised Land
The White Mice
Select Conversations with an Uncle (Now Extinct) and Two Other Reminiscences
Side-stepping with Shorty
Essays
The Honour of the Clintons
Dodo: A Detail of the Day. Volumes 1 and 2
The Three Bears of Porcupine Ridge
Seekers in Sicily: Being a Quest for Persephone by Jane and Peripatetica
Bi-sexual love; the homosexual neurosis
Christina Alberta's father
At the Foot of the Rainbow
Over the Sliprails
Corporal Cameron of the North West Mounted Police: A Tale of the Macleod Trail
The Garden of Survival
The Grim Smile of the Five Towns
The Jungle Girl
Purcell
History of the Jews in Russia and Poland, Volume 2 [of 3]: From the Death of Alexander I until the Death of Alexander III (1825-1894)
A Young Folks' History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Navaho Houses: Seventeenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1895-1896, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1898, pages 469-518
The Cliff Ruins of Canyon de Chelly, Arizona: Sixteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1894-95, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1897, pages 73-198
Quisanté
The Rover Boys at Colby Hall; or, The Struggles of the Young Cadets
The Gift of the Magi
The Rover Boys Under Canvas; Or, The Mystery of the Wrecked Submarine
The Rubáiyát of a Persian Kitten
Jacob's Ladder
Aubrey Beardsley
The Gnostic Crucifixion
The Way of the Strong
The Sins of the Father: A Romance of the South
Determinism or Free-Will?
Dawn of the Morning
Mater Christi: Meditations on Our Lady
The Rival Campers; Or, The Adventures of Henry Burns
The Alien Invasion
Montreal, 1535-1914. Vol. 1. Under the French Régime, 1535-1760
Chats on Old Earthenware
The Ashes of a God
Harper's Outdoor Book for Boys
Floreat Etona: Anecdotes and Memories of Eton College
Te Tohunga: The ancient legends and traditions of the Maoris
The Diamond Ship
The Battle of Tsu-shima: between the Japanese and Russian fleets, fought on 27th May 1905
French Ways and Their Meaning
The Flame
Holmes' Own Story: In Which the Alleged Multi-murderer and Arch Conspirator Tells of the Twenty-two Tragic Deaths and Disappearances in Which He Is Said to Be Implicated, With Moyamensing Prison Diary Appendix
Elements of woodwork
A new name
The Touchstone
The Grain of Dust: A Novel
The Song of the Cardinal
Painted Windows
Wisdom and Destiny
Rosa Alchemica
The Right of Way — Complete
The Toll-House: Sailor's Knots, Part 7.
Ethel Morton's Enterprise
Mare Nostrum (Our Sea): A Novel
The Lady of the Barge and Others, Entire Collection
The Hunters of the Hills
The Story of Dago
The Tangled Threads
The French Revolution: A Short History
Simon Dale
Prairie Folks
The Mountain that was 'God': Being a Little Book About the Great Peak Which the Indians Named 'Tacoma' but Which is Officially Called 'Rainier'
The King's Mirror
This Giddy Globe
The Starvation Treatment of Diabetes
The Mistress of Shenstone
The Light of the Star: A Novel
A Nursery Rhyme Picture Book: With Drawings in Colour and Black and White
Young Wallingford
The Little Minister
Small Souls
Leo the Circus Boy; or, Life under the great white canvas
In the Days of the Guild
The Tree of Knowledge: A Novel
My Mission to London, 1912-1914
Mrs. Thompson: A Novel
An Annapolis First Classman
The Story Book Girls
Fragonard
The Battleship Boys in Foreign Service; or, Earning New Ratings in European Seas
The Sorceress of Rome
The Vitality of Mormonism: Brief Essays on Distinctive Doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Reube Dare's Shad Boat: A Tale of the Tide Country
Tolstoy
Charles Baudelaire: A Study
Jane Austen and Her Country-house Comedy
The Drums of War
The Friends of Voltaire
The Charing Cross Mystery
The social evolution of the Black South
Turner's Water-Colours at Farnley Hall
The Flirt
Robert Louis Stevenson
A Family Man : in three acts
Aesthetic as Science of Expression and General Linguistic
The Land of Little Rain
Sacred and Profane Love: A Novel in Three Episodes
International Finance
The Goop Directory of Juvenile Offenders Famous for their Misdeeds and Serving as a Salutary Example for all Virtuous Children
The Upas Tree: A Christmas Story for all the Year
Our Day: In the Light of Prophecy
The Triumph of John Kars: A Story of the Yukon
Cicely and Other Stories
A Boswell of Baghdad; With Diversions
An Introduction to the History of Western Europe
The Truth About Woman
The Childrens' Story of the War, Volume 2 (of 10): From the Battle of Mons to the Fall of Antwerp.
Marriage
The Story of an Untold Love
Health Through Will Power
Beaumarchais and the War of American Independence, Vol. 1
Curly: A Tale of the Arizona Desert
The Celebrity at Home
Dave Darrin on the Asiatic Station: Or, Winning Lieutenants' Commissions on the Admiral's Flagship
The Rise of the Mediaeval Church: And Its Influence on the Civilization of Western Europe from the First to the Thirteenth Century
The Christ Myth
Pioneer Life among the Loyalists in Upper Canada
The Kingdom of Georgia: Notes of travel in a land of women, wine, and song
"Monsieur Henri": A Foot-Note to French History
The Midlander
The Empresses of Rome
Turner's Sketches and Drawings
Not Under the Law
A kiss for Cinderella: A comedy
Twilight sleep
The making of a woman
Rose buds
A History of Science — Volume 4
Six Plays
The Radio Amateur's Hand Book: A Complete, Authentic and Informative Work on Wireless Telegraphy and Telephony
Gloria and Treeless Street
Bible Stories and Religious Classics
Towards the Great Peace
Master Skylark: A Story of Shakspere's Time
The Reason Why
Casa Grande Ruin: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1891-92, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 289-318
Dead Man's Rock
The Training of a Public Speaker
Doom Castle
The Rover Boys on Snowshoe Island; or, The Old Lumberman's Treasure Box
The Philadelphia Magazines and their Contributors 1741-1850
Washington Irving
The Twelfth Hour
The Frontier
Dave Porter in the Far North; Or, The Pluck of an American Schoolboy
The Dominant Strain
Love and Lucy
Quality Street: A Comedy
In the Mountains
The Man Who Pleases and the Woman Who Charms
The Adventures of a Grain of Dust
Cornwall
On the Trail of the Immigrant
Turner: Five letters and a postscript.
The Library of Work and Play: Outdoor Work
The Old Maids' Club
The Deep Lake Mystery
Michael Faraday, Man of Science
The Sounds of Spoken English: A Manual of Ear Training for English Students: (4th edition)
The Rocky Mountain Goat
Around the Camp-fire
Poems
Poems
Half-hours with the Highwaymen - Vol 2: Picturesque Biographies and Traditions of the "Knights of the Road"
Some Poems of Roger Casement
The Spiritual Guidance of Man and of Mankind
Feminism in Greek Literature from Homer to Aristotle
The Lore of the Honey-Bee
America in the War: Each cartoon faced with a page of comment by a distinguished American, the text forming an anthology of patriotic opinion
Elements of metaphysics
The Zeppelin's Passenger
The Lure of the Labrador Wild
The Seats of the Mighty, Complete
L.P.M. : The End of the Great War
The Orange-Yellow Diamond
With the "Die-Hards" in Siberia
His Big Opportunity
Music Talks with Children
The Forest Runners: A Story of the Great War Trail in Early Kentucky
The Silly Syclopedia: A Terrible Thing in the Form of a Literary Torpedo which is Launched for Hilarious Purposes Only Inaccurate in Every Particular Containing Copious Etymological Derivations and Other Useless Things
The Slant Book
The New Society
Grey Town : $b an Australian story
On The Structure of Greek Tribal Society: An Essay
The Work Of Christ: Past, Present and Future
A Woman's Will
The Children's Book of Stars
History of Farming in Ontario
Death
The Young Man in Business
A Bilateral Division of the Parietal Bone in a Chimpanzee; with a Special Reference to the Oblique Sutures in the Parietal
Fighting in Cuban Waters; Or, Under Schley on the Brooklyn
The Streets of Ascalon: Episodes in the Unfinished Career of Richard Quarren, Esqre.
The Genial Idiot: His Views and Reviews
The Secret of the Reef
The Life of Mazzini
The Old Inns of Old England, Volume 2 (of 2): A Picturesque Account of the Ancient and Storied Hostelries of Our Own Country
The Missing Prince
The Treasure of the Humble
"Boy" the Wandering Dog: Adventures of a Fox-Terrier
Making Over Martha
A Sister to Evangeline: Being the Story of Yvonne de Lamourie, and how she went into exile with the villagers of Grand Pré
Aspects of plant life; with special reference to the British flora
Warwick, the Kingmaker
Artful Anticks
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Arnold Bennett
Lessons in the Shanghai Dialect
The home-life of Borneo head-hunters : $b Its festivals and folk-lore
Renaissance literary theory and practice : $b Classicism in the rhetoric and poetic of Italy, France, and England 1400-1600
The Mirror of Kong Ho
My Discovery of England
First and Last Things: A Confession of Faith and Rule of Life
What Every Woman Knows
Donovan Pasha, and Some People of Egypt — Complete
Through the Wall
Mr. Dooley: In the Hearts of His Countrymen
How It Happened
Fishing Grounds of the Gulf of Maine
A Voyage of Consolation: (being in the nature of a sequel to the experiences of 'An American girl in London')
Man and Maid
The Spirit of Sweetwater
An Alphabet of Celebrities
Shakespeare's Lost Years in London, 1586-1592
Uncle Sam's Boys as Sergeants; or, Handling Their First Real Commands
The Red Triangle: Being Some Further Chronicles of Martin Hewitt, Investigator
The Big Bow Mystery
The Wanderings and Homes of Manuscripts
Blooms of the Berry
Women of the Teutonic Nations
The School by the Sea
Think: A Book for To-day
The Girl Who Had Nothing
The Reality of War: A Companion to Clausewitz
Fighting Without a War: An Account of Military Intervention in North Russia
The Man with the Black Feather
The Heroic Record of the British Navy: A Short History of the Naval War, 1914-1918
From the North Foreland to Penzance
Fort Gibson: A Brief History
A Pioneer Mother
The Romance of the Commonplace
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 7 (of 8): The Secret Rose. Rosa Alchemica. The Tables of the Law. The Adoration of the Magi. John Sherman and Dhoya
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 2, Jan.-Sep. 1809 : $b From the battle of Corunna to the end of the Talavera campaign
Jinny the Carrier
The Grenadier Guards in the Great War of 1914-1918, Vol. 1 of 3
Harper's Electricity Book for Boys
Fairy tales from far and near
Native life in East Africa : $b the results of an ethnological research expedition
Through Five Republics on Horseback, Being an Account of Many Wanderings in South America
Jean-Christophe Journey's End
The Great God Success: A Novel
Crescent and Iron Cross
Vandemark's Folly
The Girl from Montana
A Certain Rich Man
The Sea-Kings of Crete
Ethel Morton's Holidays
The Borough Treasurer
The Horsewoman: A Practical Guide to Side-Saddle Riding, 2nd. Ed.
Benjamin Franklin
Audrey Craven
Methods of Authors
A Voice on the Wind, and Other Poems
The Sandman: His Farm Stories
The Crime Doctor
The Teaching of Geometry
Andromache: A Play in Three Acts
Alexander Hamilton
Our Little English Cousin
A History of Police in England
Lazy Matilda, and Other Tales
How to teach a foreign language
Life and Lillian Gish
The Industrial History of England
Kultur in Cartoons: With accompanying notes by well-known English writers
Riceyman Steps: A Novel
Spiritual Energies in Daily Life
Gita and gospel
A Knight of the Cumberland
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come
The Rover Boys on the Ocean; Or, A chase for a fortune
The Life of the Rt. Hon. Sir Charles W. Dilke, Volume 1
Scarhaven Keep
More Fables
Note-Book of Anton Chekhov
Our Government: Local, State, and National: Idaho Edition
John Redmond's Last Years
And Thus He Came: A Christmas Fantasy
Some Old Time Beauties: After Portraits by the English Masters, with Embellishment and Comment
Germany and the Germans from an American Point of View
You Should Worry Says John Henry
The Eurhythmics of Jaques-Dalcroze
Little Bo-Peep: A Nursery Rhyme Picture Book
The Island Mystery
A History of the Third French Republic
Victor Ollnee's Discipline
The United States and the War
The Sea Lady
The Freedom of Science
The Political Future of India
Is the Devil a Myth?
The Secret Life: Being the Book of a Heretic
Once Upon a Time in Delaware
'Tilda Jane: An Orphan in Search of a Home. A Story for Boys and Girls
The Crimson Conquest: A Romance of Pizarro and Peru
The World's Greatest Military Spies and Secret Service Agents
Whitewash
Seventeen Years Among the Sea Dyaks of Borneo: A Record of Intimate Association with the Natives of the Bornean Jungles
Four Mystery Plays
Negro Poets and Their Poems
The Pageant of British History
Sketches and Cartoons
History of the pianoforte and pianoforte players
Little Miss Moth : $b The story of three maidens: Charity, Hope, and Faith
The Round-Up: A Romance of Arizona; Novelized from Edmund Day's Melodrama
The Sleuth of St. James's Square
The Pigeon: A Fantasy in Three Acts
Mr. Bingle
The Rayner-Slade Amalgamation
The Life of Jesus of Nazareth: A Study
In Friendship's Guise
The Man and the Moment
The Lovely Lady
Sandman's Goodnight Stories
The Root of Evil
Barbarians
Clematis
An Explorer's Adventures in Tibet
The Gaunt Gray Wolf: A Tale of Adventure With Ungava Bob
Hampstead and Marylebone
The Third Class at Miss Kaye's: A School Story
The Revellers
The Victorian Age: The Rede Lecture for 1922
The Turn of the Tide: The Story of How Margaret Solved Her Problem
The Rainbow Book: Tales of Fun & Fancy
The White Terror and The Red: A Novel of Revolutionary Russia
Frank Merriwell's Triumph; Or, The Disappearance of Felicia
A Journey to Crete, Costantinople, Naples and Florence: Three Months Abroad
Katharine Frensham: A Novel
The Stoneground Ghost Tales: Compiled from the recollections of the Reverend Roland Batchel, Vicar of the parish.
Jose: Our Little Portuguese Cousin
Our Little Eskimo Cousin
The Virgin in Judgment
Chats on Royal Copenhagen Porcelain
Elementary Composition
Armenia, Travels and Studies (Volume 1 of 2): The Russian Provinces
Perkins, the Fakeer: A Travesty on Reincarnation: His wonderful workings in the cases of "When Reginald was Caroline", "How Chopin came to Remsen", and "Clarissa's troublesome baby"
The Story of Noah's Ark
Water Wonders Every Child Should Know: Little Studies of Dew, Frost, Snow, Ice, and Rain
The Garden of God
Making Home Profitable
A Finnish Grammar
The Art of Building a Home: A collection of lectures and illustrations
History of the Jews in America: From the Period of the Discovery of the New World to the Present Time
The Flowers and Gardens of Madeira
The Invention of Typography: A Brief Sketch of the Invention of Printing and How it Came About
Dogs of all nations: a complete work, profusely illustrated, bearing on the world's different varieties of the dog, grouped under their several nationalities, with descriptive matter explaining the characteristics and utility of each
Soldiers of Fortune
Susan Lenox: Her Fall and Rise
The Pool in the Desert
The story of the Gadsbys
Complete Project Gutenberg John Galsworthy Works
Miss Billy
The Foreigner: A Tale of Saskatchewan
Peeps at Many Lands: Japan
Rest Harrow: A Comedy of Resolution
The Uttermost Farthing: A Savant's Vendetta
The Shades of the Wilderness: A Story of Lee's Great Stand
A Journal of a Tour in the Congo Free State
The Little Colonel's Chum: Mary Ware
Gentle Julia
The Eagle's Heart
The Ghost in the White House: Some suggestions as to how a hundred million people (who are supposed in a vague, helpless way to haunt the white house) can make themselves felt with a president, how they can back him up, express themselves to him, be expressed by him, and get what they want
The Making of Bobby Burnit: Being a Record of the Adventures of a Live American Young Man
The Dead Command: From the Spanish Los Muertos Mandan
Hampton Court
The Industries of Animals
Berenice
Aurora the Magnificent
Jimbo: A Fantasy
The Missioner
The Lady Evelyn: A Story of To-day
The Road to Paris: A Story of Adventure
The Great Apostasy, Considered in the Light of Scriptural and Secular History
The Pony Rider Boys in the Alkali; Or, Finding a Key to the Desert Maze
A Grammar of Freethought
My Memoirs
Wanted: A Cook: Domestic Dialogues
Science and the Criminal
Warwickshire: The Land of Shakespeare
The Grey Man
Jacquard Machines: Instruction Paper
The Squaw Man: A Novel
A Text-book of Diseases of Women
Conrad in Quest of His Youth: An Extravagance of Temperament
The Romance of the Romanoffs
Anton Tchekhov, and Other Essays
The Peak District
Australasian Fossils: A Students' Manual of Palaeontology
Off Sandy Hook, and other stories
Greek Athletics
The Mystics of Islam
Constantine the Great: The reorganization of the Empire and the triumph of the Church
The place of the individual in society
Social organization : $b A study of the larger mind
Good men and true, and Hit the line hard
Philistine and genius
The Devil's Paw
The Lane That Had No Turning, Complete
The Web of Life
The Spartan Twins
The Vigil of Venus and Other Poems by "Q"
Ship's Company, the Entire Collection
A Few Practical Suggestions
The Light That Lures
Truxton King: A Story of Graustark
The Repair of Casa Grande Ruin, Arizona, in 1891: Fifteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1893-94, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1897, pages 315-348
Certain Personal Matters
Happy Pollyooly: The Rich Little Poor Girl
Aboriginal Remains in Verde Valley, Arizona: Thirteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1891-92, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1896, pages 179-262
The House with the Green Shutters
Winning the Wilderness
The Gospel Day; Or, the Light of Christianity
The Arkansaw Bear: A Tale of Fanciful Adventure
Nancy Stair: A Novel
Rose O'Paradise
The Mexican Twins
The Modern Woman's Rights Movement: A Historical Survey
Footsteps of Fate
The Basket Woman: A Book of Indian Tales for Children
The Hero in Man
The Everlasting Arms
Shaggycoat: The Biography of a Beaver
Tramping with Tramps: Studies and Sketches of Vagabond Life
Mafeking : $b a diary of the siege
The Human Boy and the War
Musical Criticisms
Sweden
James Frederick Ferrier
Pixies' Plot
The Intrusions of Peggy
Peeps at Many Lands: England
His Most Gracious Majesty King Edward VII
Where the Twain Meet
The flowers and gardens of Japan
Women and Economics: A Study of the Economic Relation Between Men and Women as a Factor in Social Evolution
Complete Life of William McKinley and Story of His Assassination: An Authentic and Official Memorial Edition, Containing Every Incident in the Career of the Immortal Statesman, Soldier, Orator and Patriot
Spirit Slate Writing and Kindred Phenomena
Dante and the early astronomers
Impressionist painting: its genesis and development
The city
The Eldest Son
Windows
Sanctuary
The Sword of Antietam: A Story of the Nation's Crisis
Chantecler: Play in Four Acts
The Story of Little Black Mingo
Your United States: Impressions of a first visit
The Pursuit of the House-Boat: Being Some Further Account of the Divers Doings of the Associated Shades, under the Leadership of Sherlock Holmes, Esq.
Pieces of Eight: Being the Authentic Narrative of a Treasure Discovered in the Bahama Islands in the Year 1903
Sergeant York And His People
A Bid for Fortune; Or, Dr. Nikola's Vendetta
Cavanagh, Forest Ranger: A Romance of the Mountain West
The Iron Pirate: A Plain Tale of Strange Happenings on the Sea
The Irish Twins
The Fighting Governor: A Chronicle of Frontenac
A Day with Keats
The Position of Woman in Primitive Society: A Study of the Matriarchy
Character and Opinion in the United States: With Reminiscences of William James and Josiah Royce and Academic Life in America
By Right of Purchase
The Divine Vision, and Other Poems
Religion And Health
The Watchers: A Novel
The Little Colonel at Boarding-School
Alsace-Lorraine : $b a study of the relations of the two provinces to France and to Germany and a presentation of the just claims of their people
Jewel Mysteries, from a Dealer's Note Book
Mary Ware in Texas
The King of Diamonds: A Tale of Mystery and Adventure
Dodo's Daughter: A Sequel to Dodo
Egotism in German Philosophy
The Lost Fruits of Waterloo
Robert Emmet: A Survey of His Rebellion and of His Romance
The Clue
David Livingstone
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens
The Shape of Fear
Where No Fear Was: A Book About Fear
The Great Fortress : A chronicle of Louisbourg 1720-1760
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 3
A Lover's Diary, Complete
The Penance of Magdalena and Other Tales of the California Missions
Self-Help: Sailor's Knots, Part 3.
Practical Exercises in English
The New North
Emerson and Other Essays
Old Testament Legends: Being stories out of some of the less-known apocryphal books of the Old Testament
Celtic religion in pre-Christian times
Modern Religious Cults and Movements
Rhymes of the East and Re-collected Verses
Mitch Miller
The Swedish Revolution Under Gustavus Vasa
The Man Who Lost Himself
Theism or Atheism: The Great Alternative
Uncle Sam's Boys as Lieutenants; or, Serving Old Glory as Line Officers
The Book of Tea
Young Auctioneers; Or, The Polishing of a Rolling Stone
The White Plumes of Navarre: A Romance of the Wars of Religion
The Hillman
The Road to Understanding
The Woodcraft Girls in the City
Mysterious Mr. Sabin
Tobias o' the Light: A Story of Cape Cod
The God in the Car: A Novel
The Career of Katherine Bush
The Trial of Jesus from a Lawyer's Standpoint, Vol. 2 (of 2): The Roman Trial
A Ladder of Swords: A Tale of Love, Laughter and Tears
Epitome of the Pharmacopeia of the United States and the National Formulary: With Comments
Phroso: A Romance
Chinese Diamonds for the King of Kings
Summer Days in Shakespeare Land
Betty's Happy Year
The Story of Perugia
As the Goose Flies
Tales of two people
The Cruise of The Violetta
The Yoke of the Thorah
The Confession: A Novel
Japanese Plays and Playfellows
Four Minute Essays, Volume X
Leo Tolstoy
A Beginner's History of Philosophy, Vol. 2: Modern Philosophy
Golden Fleece: The American Adventures of a Fortune Hunting Earl
With Sword and Crucifix: Being an Account of the Strange Adventures of Count Louis Sancerre, Companion of Sieur LaSalle, on the Lower Mississippi, in the Year of Grace 1682
The Vanished Messenger
The Man Who Was Afraid
Moonbeams from the Larger Lunacy
The Cardinal's Snuff-Box
Our Nervous Friends — Illustrating the Mastery of Nervousness
Northern Lights, Complete
The March of the White Guard
The Little Colonel
The Roll-Call
The Just and the Unjust
Mr. Dooley Says
Vitality Supreme
Earth's Enigmas: A Volume of Stories
Impressions of a War Correspondent
The U-boat hunters
Daisy's Aunt
Women of England
Guide to Hotel Housekeeping
The Childrens' Story of the War, Volume 3 (of 10): From the First Battle of Ypres to the End of the Year 1914
William de Colchester, Abbot of Westminster
Polly and Her Friends Abroad
The Fairies and the Christmas Child
The Cabin [La barraca]
Carolina Lee
The Trial of Jesus from a Lawyer's Standpoint, Vol. 1 (of 2): The Hebrew Trial
Uncle Walt [Walt Mason], the Poet Philosopher
The Social Significance of the Modern Drama
The Traitor: A Story of the Fall of the Invisible Empire
The Power of Truth: Individual Problems and Possibilities
The Copernicus of Antiquity (Aristarchus of Samos)
Scarabs : $b An introduction to the study of Egyptian seals and signet rings
In this our world
Why I Am a Vegetarian: An Address Delivered Before the Chicago Vegetarian Society
The Gibson Book: A Collection of Published Works of Charles Dana Gibson. Vol. II
In Brightest Africa
The Wizard of Wall Street and His Wealth; or, The Life and Deeds of Jay Gould
Indian Why Stories: Sparks from War Eagle's Lodge-Fire
Style
The soul of a bishop
Peter Ruff and the Double Four
The Little Minister
The Seats of the Mighty, Volume 3
Lo, Michael!
Happiness and Marriage
The White Wolf and Other Fireside Tales
Oklahoma and Other Poems
A Woman's Part in a Revolution
The Rejuvenation of Aunt Mary
Auld Licht Idylls
Semiramis, and Other Plays
The Day of Judgment
Stories of Authors, British and American
His Unknown Wife
Dave Porter on Cave Island; Or, A Schoolboy's Mysterious Mission
The romantic story of the Mayflower pilgrims, and its place in the life of to-day
Little Folks of North America: Stories about children living in the different parts of North America
Northwest!
Modern Geography
The Migration of Birds
Princes and Poisoners: Studies of the Court of Louis XIV
Our Little Scotch Cousin
The Business of Life
The Amenities of Book-Collecting and Kindred Affections
The First Man-Carrying Aeroplane Capable of Sustained Free Flight: Langley's Success as a Pioneer in Aviation: From the Smithsonian Report for 1914, pages 217-222, Publication 2329, 1915
The Eternal Feminine
Ten Tudor Statesmen
A Servant of the Public
The Unexploited West: A Compilation of all of the authentic information available at the present time as to the Natural Resources of the Unexploited Regions of Northern Canada
Occoneechee, the Maid of the Mystic Lake
Logic as the Science of the Pure Concept
Paris Nights, and Other Impressions of Places and People
Lucian the dreamer
The Pavement Masters of Siena (1369-1562)
Halfway House: A Comedy of Degrees
The Elizabethan Stage, Vol. 4
Debits and credits
Twenty Years at Hull House; with Autobiographical Notes
A Guide to the Best Historical Novels and Tales
Lincoln; An Account of his Personal Life, Especially of its Springs of Action as Revealed and Deepened by the Ordeal of War
The Day of the Confederacy: A Chronicle of the Embattled South
Our War with Spain for Cuba's Freedom
The Guns of Shiloh: A Story of the Great Western Campaign
Stories of Red Hanrahan
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 2
The National Being: Some Thoughts on an Irish Polity
A Study of Poetry
Buried Alive: A Tale of These Days
The Torrent (Entre Naranjos)
Halcyone
The Port of Missing Men
Somewhere in Red Gap
Grey Roses
Children's Classics in Dramatic Form, Book Two
The Puritan Twins
A Lost Leader
The Calico Cat
The Call of the Blood
The Young Bridge-Tender; or, Ralph Nelson's Upward Struggle
Mystics and Saints of Islam
The Romance of Names
A Girl's Ride in Iceland
A Little Maid of Massachusetts Colony
In the Morning of Time
Chit-Chat; Nirvana; The Searchlight
Accolon of Gaul, with Other Poems
Makers of Modern Medicine
At Large
Plain Mary Smith: A Romance of Red Saunders
All Men are Ghosts
Peggy Owen at Yorktown
The Men Who Wrought
Nuova; or, The New Bee
Fromentin
Swatty: A Story of Real Boys
Stories of Robin Hood
Starved Rock
My Three Years in a German Prison
The Flower-Patch Among the Hills
The Silent Call
The Unbidden Guest
At the Gate of Samaria
Dutch and Flemish Furniture
Italian Fantasies
Confidential Chats with Girls
The Moon Maker
A Brief History of Printing. Part II: The Economic History of Printing
An Observer in the Near East
Mr. Wu: Based on the Play "Mr. Wu" by H. M. Vernon and Harold Owen
Deportation, its meaning and menace: Last message to the people of America by Alexander Berkman and Emma Goldman
Mary Rose : $b A play in three acts
Adventures and Letters of Richard Harding Davis
Bird Neighbors: An Introductory Acquaintance with One Hundred and Fifty Birds Commonly Found in the Gardens, Meadows, and Woods About Our Homes
The Jesuit Missions : A Chronicle of the Cross in the Wilderness
The Unexpurgated Case Against Woman Suffrage
The Evil Shepherd
The Money Master, Complete
The Way of an Indian
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle
Old Gorgon Graham: More Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His Son
The Well: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 4.
Fables for the Times
Winston of the Prairie
Ungava Bob: A Winter's Tale
The Young Trailers: A Story of Early Kentucky
Home Rule: Second Edition
Fishing with a Worm
The Cave of Gold: A Tale of California in '49
Confessions of a Caricaturist
Shorty McCabe
The Slanderer: 1901
The Creators: A Comedy
Music: An Art and a Language
In the Heart of a Fool
In the Border Country
The Autobiography of a Monkey
The Wicked Marquis
Holman Hunt
The Main Chance
The Curved Blades
Through Arctic Lapland
Empire Partnership
The Motor Boat Club in Florida; or, Laying the Ghost of Alligator Swamp
Port Argent: A Novel
Quinneys'
The Spy: The Story of a Superfluous Man
The Web of Time
The Black Box: A Tale of Monmouth's Rebellion
Gleanings of a Mystic: A Series of Essays on Practical Mysticism
Theory & History of Historiography
Sir Harry: A Love Story
Indian Fights and Fighters: The Soldier and the Sioux
Peter Poodle, Toy Maker to the King
The Shakespeare Garden
The Universal Kinship
A fragment of the prison experiences of Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman: In the State Prison at Jefferson City, Mo., and the U. S. Penitentiary at Atlanta, Ga. February, 1918–October, 1919
Essays on the Latin Orient
Two young lumbermen : $b or, From Maine to Oregon for fortune
A history of the Peninsular War, Vol. 6, September 1, 1812-August 5, 1813 : $b The siege of Burgos, the retreat from Burgos, the campaign of Vittoria, the battles of the Pyrenees
Beginners' zoology
The Conquest of New France; A Chronicle of the Colonial Wars
The Enchanted Typewriter
The Major
The Grey Lady
In the Arena: Stories of Political Life
Probable Sons
The Slim Princess
The Money Box: Odd Craft, Part 1.
Judith, a Play in Three Acts; Founded on the Apocryphal Book of Judith
Wide Courses
The Feast of St. Friend
The Man in the Twilight
The Rulers of the Lakes: A Story of George and Champlain
The Rover Boys on the River; Or, The Search for the Missing Houseboat
Winsome Winnie and other New Nonsense Novels
The Autobiography of Methuselah
A Window in Thrums
The Brentons
The Blue Birds' Winter Nest
The Children's Book of London
Tongues of Conscience
The Rover Boys at Big Horn Ranch; Or, The Cowboys' Double Round-Up
Jim Spurling, Fisherman: or Making Good
Sprays of Shamrock
Forgotten Tales of Long Ago
A Bride of the Plains
The White Lie
The Bright Face of Danger: Being an Account of Some Adventures of Henri de Launay, Son of the Sieur de la Tournoire
The Haunters of the Silences: A Book of Animal Life
The Romance of the Reaper
The Betrothal: A Sequel to the Blue Bird; A Fairy Play in Five Acts and Eleven Scenes
The Making of an Apostle
The Story of Nefrekepta, from a Demotic Papyrus
Girl Scouts at Dandelion Camp
Girl Scouts in the Rockies
An Edinburgh Eleven: Pencil Portraits from College Life
The Little Washingtons' Travels
Agincourt: A Romance: The Works of G. P. R. James, Volume XX
The Princess Dehra
Rebel women
The Heritage of Dress: Being Notes on the History and Evolution of Clothes
The Gilded Man: A Romance of the Andes
Coaching Days & Ways
Our Little Russian Cousin
The Voyage of the "Deutschland"
The Religion of Ancient Scandinavia
Safar Nameh, Persian Pictures: A Book Of Travel
Six Little Ducklings
Encyclopedia of Diet: A Treatise on the Food Question, Vol. 2
The Fourteenth of July, and Danton: Two Plays of the French Revolution
A Dog Day; or, The Angel in the House
The Blackmore Country
Forge Work
Ariosto, Shakespeare and Corneille
Garryowen
Idols
The Wheels of Time
Index for Works of Rudyard Kipling: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Baroness Orczy
The Prime Minister
Court Life From Within
After Life in Roman Paganism
Wood Wanderings
At the Emperor's Wish: A Tale of the New Japan
Waheenee: An Indian Girl's Story
Caroline the Illustrious, vol. 1 (of 2) : $b Queen-Consort of George II. and sometime Queen-Regent; a study of her life and time
Through deserts and oases of central Asia
The cable : $b a novel
Paste Jewels
The Conquest of America: A Romance of Disaster and Victory, U.S.A., 1921 A.D.
Beautiful Joe: An Autobiography
The Second Violin
The Romancers: A Comedy in Three Acts
Lady Larkspur
The Voice of the Machines: An Introduction to the Twentieth Century
Marie Claire
Dwell Deep; or, Hilda Thorn's Life Story
Under the Rose
Jewel Weed
The Story of General Gordon
Marge Askinforit
Outlines of Dairy Bacteriology, 8th edition: A Concise Manual for the Use of Students in Dairying
New worlds for old: A plain account of modern socialism
Rembrandt and His Etchings: A Compact Record of the Artist's Life, His Work and his Time. With the complete Chronological List of his Etchings
Artists Past and Present; Random Studies
Oriental Women
The Wild Swans at Coole
Abbreviations and Signs: A Primer of Information about Abbreviations and Signs, with Classified Lists of Those in Most Common Use
Sheffield and its Environs 13th to the 17th century: A descriptive catalogue of land charters and other documents forming the Brooke Taylor collection
Dwarf fruit trees : $b Their propagation, pruning, and general management, adapted to the United States and Canada
Second String
Life histories of North American wood warblers, Part 1 (of 2)
A Day with John Milton
The Following of the Star: A Romance
The Gay Triangle: The Romance of the First Air Adventurers
Ulster
Dominie Dean: A Novel
The Man Who Fell Through the Earth
The Smugglers: Picturesque Chapters in the Story of an Ancient Craft
The Passport
The Mission of Poubalov
Major Prophets of To-Day
Old Quebec, the city of Champlain
Studies in the Epistle of James
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 6 (of 8): Ideas of Good and Evil
Light Come, Light Go: Gambling—Gamesters—Wagers—The Turf
Idle Hours in a Library
The Romance of a Shop
The Life of Abraham Lincoln for Young People, Told in Words of One Syllable
Fossil plants, Vol. 2: A text-book for students of botany and geology
French enterprise in Africa : $b the personal narrative of Lieut. Hourst of his exploration of the Niger
Some builders
Havoc
The Fugitive: A Play in Four Acts
The Letters of Franklin K. Lane, Personal and Political
Moths of the Limberlost: A Book About Limberlost Cabin
The Imperialist
Gallegher and Other Stories
Harlequin and Columbine
Fleurs De Lys, and Other Poems
Henry Fielding: a Memoir: Including Newly Discovered Letters and Records with Illustrations from Contemporary Prints
The Three Sisters
The Imaginary Marriage
The False Gods
Police!!!
The Forfeit
The Stowaway Girl
A Handbook of Health
Dick, Marjorie and Fidge: A Search for the Wonderful Dodo
In the Mayor's Parlour
Four American Indians: King Philip, Pontiac, Tecumseh, Osceola
Studies in love and in terror
Chelsea
The Seven Seas
Peggy Raymond's Vacation; Or, Friendly Terrace Transplanted
Naturalism and Religion
Ethel Morton and the Christmas Ship
The Law and the Poor
Wind and Weather
The War Upon Religion: Being an Account of the Rise and Progress of Anti-Christianism in Europe
Insect Stories
'Farewell, Nikola'
The Root of All Evil
The Wilderness Castaways
Our Little German Cousin
The Sea Rovers
Every-day Science: Volume 6. The Conquest of Nature
Phases of Irish History
The Early Cave-Men
The State: Its History and Development Viewed Sociologically
Submarine and Anti-submarine
The Poems of Madison Cawein, Volume 1 (of 5): Lyrics and old world idylls
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry Lawson
War—What For?
The Inner Life
Postscripts
The Gates of Morning
Between two thieves
The East I know
The caravaners
The Conquest of Canaan
Creatures That Once Were Men
The Origin and Nature of the Emotions; Miscellaneous Papers
The Malefactor
A Question of Latitude
The Red Planet
Mademoiselle of Monte Carlo
The Scouts of Stonewall: The Story of the Great Valley Campaign
Short Cruises
Odd Craft, Complete
Haydn
People You Know
The Hosts of the Air
Old Scores and New Readings: Discussions on Music & Certain Musicians
The Militants: Stories of Some Parsons, Soldiers, and Other Fighters in the World
Big Brother
Bumper the White Rabbit
Paul the Minstrel and Other Stories: Reprinted from The Hill of Trouble and The Isles of Sunset
The Man of the Desert
Lundy's Lane, and Other Poems
How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee
Second Sight: A Study of Natural and Induced Clairvoyance
The Ghost Girl
Border Ghost Stories
The Arrow-Maker: A Drama in Three Acts
The Trail of the Sandhill Stag
The Bible Story
The Short Constitution
What and Where is God? A Human Answer to the Deep Religious Cry of the Modern Soul
A Song of the English
The Little Red Foot
The Affair at the Semiramis Hotel
Half-Hours with Jimmieboy
The Passion for Life
The Last Miracle
The Making of Species
Tools and materials illustrating the Japanese method of colour-printing
Cynthia: With an Introduction by Maurice Hewlett
Kinship and Social Organisation
The Autobiography of a Thief
The old world and its ways : $b describing a tour around the world and journeys through Europe
The German Fleet: Being The Companion Volume to "The Fleets At War" and "From Heligoland To Keeling Island
Where Are We Going?
Two Colored women with the American Expeditionary Forces
Diseases of cattle, sheep, goats and swine
Frank Merriwell's danger
Beasley's Christmas Party
Wild Youth, Volume 2.
Lying Prophets: A Novel
Mr. Dooley's Philosophy
Saint Augustin
The Long Labrador Trail
Disputed Handwriting: An exhaustive, valuable, and comprehensive work upon one of the most important subjects of to-day. With illustrations and expositions for the detection and study of forgery by handwriting of all kinds
Septimus
The Southerner: A Romance of the Real Lincoln
Torchy
Teddy: Her Book: A Story of Sweet Sixteen
The Herapath Property
The Ascent of Denali (Mount McKinley): A Narrative of the First Complete Ascent of the Highest; Peak in North America
The Strange Case of Mortimer Fenley
The Jessica Letters: An Editor's Romance
Gabriel and the Hour Book
What's-His-Name
Philo Gubb, Correspondence-School Detective
Andrew Jackson
Catholic Churchmen in Science [First Series]: Sketches of the Lives of Catholic Ecclesiastics Who Were Among the Great Founders in Science
Sweethearts at Home
Fräulein Schmidt and Mr. Anstruther
The Late Tenant
Rose of Dutcher's Coolly
The Rulers of the Mediterranean
The Quest of the Four: A Story of the Comanches and Buena Vista
A Young Man's Year
In Pawn
An American Girl in London
The Flea
Her Lord and Master
The Blissylvania Post-Office
A Digit of the Moon: A Hindoo Love Story
John Sherman; and, Dhoya
The impending crisis : $b conditions resulting from the concentration of wealth in the United States
Virginia of Virginia: A Story
An English girl in Japan
The Manchester and Glasgow Road, Volume 1 (of 2): This Way to Gretna Green
Canada To-day and To-morrow
The Shetland Pony
Horse Secrets
The City of the Sacred Well
The Gun Alley Tragedy: Record of the Trial of Colin Campbell Ross
Verena in the Midst: A Kind of a Story
The Homosexual Neurosis
The hope of happiness
Papa Bouchard
Charles Dickens and other Victorians
Hephæstus : $b or, The soul of the machine
Lady Baltimore
A Romany of the Snows, vol. 5: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
Quotes and Images From The Works of Gilbert Parker
All-Wool Morrison: Time -- Today, Place -- the United States, Period of Action -- Twenty-four Hours
Ptomaine Street: The Tale of Warble Petticoat
A Master of Fortune: Being Further Adventures of Captain Kettle
Elizabethan Sea-Dogs: A Chronicle of Drake and His Companions
The Making of Arguments
Gawayne and the Green Knight: A Fairy Tale
Twenty-six and One, and Other Stories
The Free Rangers: A Story of the Early Days Along the Mississippi
Laurier: A Study in Canadian Politics
The Shield of Silence
Wandering Heath
The Pony Rider Boys in Texas; Or, The Veiled Riddle of the Plains
Peggy Stewart at School
The Northern Iron
The Making of a Trade School
The Border Watch: A Story of the Great Chief's Last Stand
The Bill-Toppers
The Wallypug in London
Religion & Sex: Studies in the Pathology of Religious Development
Two Little Women
The Fire Bird
The Standard Galleries - Holland
Joel: A Boy of Galilee
The Little Colonel in Arizona
Bikey the Skicycle and Other Tales of Jimmieboy
Nooks and Corners of Old London
The Pauper of Park Lane
May Iverson's Career
The Memoirs of an American Citizen
Dave Darrin and the German Submarines: Or, Making a Clean-up of the Hun Sea Monsters
Problems of Genetics
Railroads: Rates and Regulations
A Little Garden Calendar for Boys and Girls
Library Cataloguing
The Collected Works in Verse and Prose of William Butler Yeats, Vol. 5 (of 8): The Celtic Twilight and Stories of Red Hanrahan
A Hermit of Carmel, and Other Poems
My Uncle Florimond
Memories of the Kaiser's Court
The City of the Sultan; and Domestic Manners of the Turks, in 1836, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Motor Tours in Wales & the Border Counties
The Snowflake, and Other Poems
The Voyage of the Arrow to the China Seas.: Its Adventures and Perils, Including Its Capture by Sea Vultures from the Countess of Warwick, as Set Down by William Gore, Chief Mate
Tales of My Native Town
Nitrogen Bacteria and Legumes: With special reference to red clover, cowpeas, soy beans, alfalfa, and sweet clover, on Illinois soils
The South Devon Coast
Prometheus Illbound
The Electric Man: Being the One Act Version of the Three Act Farcical Comedy of the Same Name
O. Henryana: Seven Odds and Ends, Poetry and Short Stories
Drawings
Comet Lore: Halley's Comet in History and Astronomy
The history of silhouettes
Outposts of Asia
Handicraft for boys
Indian Nature Myths
The Danube
Captains of adventure
The island of stone money : $b Uap of the Carolines
The evolution of the steam locomotive (1803 to 1898)
The Frame Up
The Adventure of Living : a Subjective Autobiography
Johnny Bear, and Other Stories from Lives of the Hunted
The Four Faces: A Mystery
Somewhere in France
Further Foolishness
The Gate of the Giant Scissors
The House of a Thousand Candles
Supplement to Animal Sanctuaries in Labrador: Supplement to an Address Presented by Lt.-Colonel William Wood, F.R.S.C. Before the Second Annual Meeting of the Commission of Conservation in January, 1911
The Ramrodders: A Novel
Ethel Morton at Rose House
The Victim: A Romance of the Real Jefferson Davis
Better Dead
The Eugenic Marriage, Volume 4 (of 4): A Personal Guide to the New Science of Better Living and Better Babies
Gossamer
Psychology and Social Sanity
The Motor Boat Club and The Wireless; Or, the Dot, Dash and Dare Cruise
Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer: A Romance of the Spanish Main
Compound Words: A Study of the Principles of Compounding, the Components of Compounds, and the Use of the Hyphen
Fairfax and His Pride: A Novel
Wild Birds in City Parks: Being hints on identifying 145 birds, prepared primarily for the spring migration in Lincoln Park, Chicago
Astronomical Discovery
Lightnin': After the Play of the Same Name by Winchell Smith and Frank Bacon
Ethel Morton at Chautauqua
Heroes of Israel: Text of the Hero Stories with Notes and Questions for Young Students
Carlyon Sahib: A Drama in Four Acts
Three Little Women: A Story for Girls
A Woman of Genius
Herbert Spencer
Frank Merriwell's Backers; Or, The Pride of His Friends
With the Zionists in Gallipoli
The Magazine Style-Code
The Cruise of a Schooner
David Blaize and the Blue Door
Mam'selle Jo
Encyclopedia of Diet: A Treatise on the Food Question, Vol. 5
The Land of Little Rain
The Gold Coast Regiment in the East African Campaign
Golden Dicky, The Story of a Canary and His Friends
Pine Tree Ballads: Rhymed Stories of Unplaned Human Natur' up in Maine
Derelicts
The Big Blue Soldier
The Empresses of Constantinople
Butterflies and Moths, Shown to the Children
Moving the Mountain
The Book of Stars: Being a Simple Explanation of the Stars and Their Uses to Boy Life
The filtration of public water-supplies: Third edition, revised and enlarged.
The jumping kangaroo and the apple butter cat
Trapping wild animals in Malay jungles
The young volcano explorers : $b Or, American boys in the West Indies
On the Track
War and the Future: Italy, France and Britain at War
The Railroad Builders: A Chronicle of the Welding of the States
The Garden of Allah
AE in the Irish Theosophist
The Rose in the Ring
England under the Tudors
Alice Sit-By-The-Fire
The Ancient East
Courage
The Worshipper of the Image
What is Coming? A Forecast of Things after the War
The Life of Marie de Medicis, Queen of France, Consort of Henri IV, and Regent of the Kingdom under Louis XIII — Volume 1
The Delectable Duchy
Literary Taste: How to Form It: With Detailed Instructions for Collecting a Complete Library of English Literature
The Romanization of Roman Britain
A Midsummer Drive Through the Pyrenees
Woman in Modern Society
Mrs. Red Pepper
Ballads of Lost Haven: A Book of the Sea
From the Housetops
A Maker of History
The Eagle of the Empire: A Story of Waterloo
The Character and Influence of the Indian Trade in Wisconsin
At the Deathbed of Darwinism: A Series of Papers
The Transformation of Job: A Tale of the High Sierras
Apis Mellifica; or, The Poison of the Honey-Bee, Considered as a Therapeutic Agent
Fruits of Queensland
Lewis and Clark: Meriwether Lewis and William Clark
The Seven Secrets
The Chestermarke Instinct
The Red Hand of Ulster
The cock, the mouse, and the little red hen : $b an old tale retold
The Flute of the Gods
Daisy Brooks; Or, A Perilous Love
Exit Betty
To Alaska for Gold; Or, The Fortune Hunters of the Yukon
The Romance of the Red Triangle: The story of the coming of the red triangle and the service rendered by the Y.M.C.A. to the sailors and soldiers of the British Empire
By Right of Conquest: A Novel
Old Coloured Books
Two Royal Foes
The Son of his Father
The Kidnapped President
The Making of the New Testament
The Temptress
Grit A-Plenty: A Tale of the Labrador Wild
The Flaming Sword in Serbia and Elsewhere
Every-day Science: Volume 7. The Conquest of Time and Space
Our Little Siamese Cousin
Romantic Ireland; volume 1/2
A True Account of the Battle of Jutland, May 31, 1916
The Royal End: A Romance
The Country of Sir Walter Scott
The Education of Children from the Standpoint of Theosophy
The Social Secretary
Neither Here Nor There
Ancient, Curious, and Famous Wills
Light Ahead for the Negro
The Grenadier Guards in the Great War of 1914-1918, Vol. 2 of 3
Bicycling for Ladies: The Common Sense of Bicycling; with Hints as to the Art of Wheeling—Advice to Beginners—Dress—Care of the Bicycle—Mechanics—Training—Exercise, etc., etc.
The Origin of the Mound Builders
The Story of Alexander
The Social Ladder: Drawings by Charles Dana Gibson
The Romance of Modern Geology: Describing in simple but exact language the making of the earth with some account of prehistoric animal life
Modern Whaling & Bear-Hunting: A record of present-day whaling with up-to-date appliances in many parts of the world, and of bear and seal hunting in the Arctic regions
The Lenni Lenape, or Delaware Indians
The Moon
An A. B. C. of every-day people : $b Good, bad & indifferent
The doctor looks at biography : $b Psychological studies of life and letters
Tibet & Nepal : $b Painted & described
Animated cartoons : $b How they are made, their origin and development
A House-Boat on the Styx
The Complete Essays of John Galsworthy
Raspberry Jam
Janice Meredith: A Story of the American Revolution
The Solitary Summer
Quill's Window
A Romany of the Snows, Complete: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
The Trespasser, Complete
Marjorie's New Friend
A Chair on the Boulevard
The Governors
Teddy's Button
For Gold or Soul? The Story of a Great Department Store
An Adulteration Act: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 10.
The Dweller on the Threshold
The Texan Scouts: A Story of the Alamo and Goliad
Essays on Art
The Tree of Appomattox
Romance: Two Lectures
A Little Norsk; Or, Ol' Pap's Flaxen
For the Liberty of Texas
The Rainy Day Railroad War
Mistress Anne
Patty's Summer Days
God's Plan with Men
The Flaming Jewel
The New Theology
The Master Mummer
Noble Deeds of the World's Heroines
Anxious Audrey
In the Brooding Wild
Health Lessons, Book 1
The Forge in the Forest: Being the Narrative of the Acadian Ranger, Jean de Mer, Seigneur de Briart; and How He Crossed the Black Abbé; and of His Adventures in a Strange Fellowship
Wood and Forest
The Rover Boys on a Tour; or, Last Days at Brill College
Jill's Red Bag
The Idiot at Home
The Burglars' Club: A Romance in Twelve Chronicles
Calumny Refuted by Facts From Liberia: With Extracts From the Inaugural Address of the Coloured President Roberts; an Eloquent Speech of Hilary Teage, a Coloured Senator; and Extracts From a Discourse by H. H. Garnett, a Fugitive Slave, on the Past and Present Condition, and Destiny of the Coloured Race. Presented to the Boston Anti-slavery Bazaar, U.S., By the Author of "A Tribute for the Negro."
Barbara Rebell
Mason of Bar X Ranch
"The System," As Uncovered by the San Francisco Graft Prosecution
The Silent Watchers: England's Navy during the Great War: What It Is, and What We Owe to It
Anthropological Survey in Alaska
Uncle Sam Abroad
A Study In Shadows
Stories of Starland
The Horse in History
Mrs. Maybrick's Own Story: My Fifteen Lost Years
Goodbird the Indian: His Story
Turgenev: A Study
The Holyhead Road: The Mail-coach Road to Dublin. Vol. 1
Skewbald, the New Forest Pony
Under the Big Dipper
From the Heart of Israel: Jewish Tales and Types
Sheaves
O. Henry Encore
Magic London
Pimpernel and Rosemary
Shaming the Speed Limit
Engravers and Etchers: Six Lectures Delivered on the Scammon Foundation at the Art Institute of Chicago, March 1916
News from No Man's Land
The House of the Arrow
Foods; nutrition and digestion
Introduction to Sally
Behind the bronze door
South Wind
At the Villa Rose
Little Memoirs of the Nineteenth Century
How to Live a Holy Life
Jean-Christophe in Paris: The Market-Place, Antoinette, the House
The Dramatic Works of Gerhart Hauptmann, Volume I
Watch-Dogs: Ship's Company, Part 5.
The Booming of Acre Hill, and Other Reminiscences of Urban and Suburban Life
Three at Table: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 12.
Bertha, Our Little German Cousin
The Honorable Peter Stirling and What People Thought of Him
The Stowmarket Mystery; Or, A Legacy of Hate
Crowds: A Moving-Picture of Democracy
Betty at Fort Blizzard
Hugh: Memoirs of a Brother
Contemporary American Literature: Bibliographies and Study Outlines
Life in Morocco and Glimpses Beyond
The Goop Directory of Juvenile Offenders Famous for their Misdeeds and Serving as a Salutary Example for all Virtuous Children
A Rip Van Winkle of the Kalahari, and Other Tales of South-West Africa
In Blue Creek Cañon
Owen Clancy's Happy Trail; Or, The Motor Wizard in California
Cricket at the Seashore
More Cargoes: 1897
A brother to dragons, and other old-time tales
The Writing of the Short Story
The Duke's Motto: A Melodrama
The Maids of Paradise
Adventurers of the Far North: A Chronicle of the Frozen Seas
The Children on the Top Floor
British Committees, Commissions, and Councils of Trade and Plantations, 1622-1675
Dinners and Luncheons: Novel Suggestions for Social Occasions
A Cabinet Secret
Quick Action
Economy of the Round Dairy Barn
The Spirit of the Ghetto: Studies of the Jewish Quarter in New York
A Young Inventor's Pluck; or, The Mystery of the Willington Legacy
The Putnam Hall Encampment; or, The Secret of the Old Mill
The Blight of Respectability: An Anatomy of the Disease and a Theory of Curative Treatment
Men of Mawm
Palace and Mosque at Ukhaidir: A Study in Early Mohammadan Architecture
The Invasion of America: a fact story based on the inexorable mathematics of war
Battle of New Orleans: Its Real Meaning
His Honour, and a Lady
The Pilgrim Story: Being largely a compilation from the documents of Governor Bradford and Governor Winslow, severally and in collaboration; together with a list of Mayflower passengers.
Black is White
Her Husband's Purse
Presiding Ladies of the White House: containing biographical appreciations together with a short history of the Executive mansion and a treatise on its etiquette and customs
An American Diplomat in China
The White Flag
Bird Biographies
The Money Market
Ocean Tramps
The Illustrated Horse Doctor: Being an accurate and detailed account of the various diseases to which the equine race are subjected
Russian Silhouettes: More Stories of Russian Life
Chicago by day and night : $b the pleasure seeker's guide to the Paris of America
The life of St. Patrick and his place in history
The Princess Aline
The Scarlet Car
A Master's Degree
The Spy
Washington and His Comrades in Arms: A Chronicle of the War of Independence
The Pursuit of the House-Boat
Arcadian Adventures with the Idle Rich
Northern Lights, Volume 5.
Three Weeks
The Trail Book
The Postmaster's Daughter
Hyacinth
The Madness of Mr. Lister: Captains All, Book 9.
The Young Engineers in Nevada; Or, Seeking Fortune on the Turn of a Pick
The Divine Fire
Timid Hare: The Little Captive
Draft of a Plan for Beginning Animal Sanctuaries in Labrador
The Colonel of the Red Huzzars
The Idiot
The Eugenic Marriage, Volume 1 (of 4): A Personal Guide to the New Science of Better Living and Better Babies
The Mayor of Troy
Odd
American Boy's Life of Theodore Roosevelt
Hollow Tree Nights and Days
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: The Moth and the Flame
In Our Town
How to Read the Crystal; or, Crystal and Seer
Operations Upon the Sea: A Study
A Pioneer Railway of the West
The Spanish Jade
A Monk of Cruta
The Heart of a Woman
Denis Dent: A Novel
Robin's Rambles
Travelers Five Along Life's Highway: Jimmy, Gideon Wiggan, the Clown, Wexley Snathers, Bap. Sloan
Peeps at People: Being Certain Papers from the Writings of Anne Warrington Witherup
Sophy of Kravonia: A Novel
Over the Border: A Novel
The Rubicon
"The Debatable Land": A Novel
Famous Houses and Literary Shrines of London
A Bird of Passage, and Other Stories
The Story of the Atlantic Cable
Raiders of the Sarhad: Being an Account of the Campaign of Arms and Bluff Against the Brigands of the Persian-Baluchi Border during the Great War
Woodcraft Boys at Sunset Island
A Voyage to the Arctic in the Whaler Aurora
Thirteen Years of a Busy Woman's Life
Wellington's Army, 1809-1814
Mary Louise at Dorfield
My Musical Life
Abaft the Funnel
The Wonderful Year
Pilgrim Guide Book to Plymouth, Massachusetts: With a Brief Outline of the Pilgrim Migration and Settlement at Plymouth
Highways of Canadian Literature
A Merchant Fleet at War
Broken Barriers
The Life of Clara Barton, Founder of the American Red Cross (Vol. 2 of 2)
Tales from silver lands
Land without chimneys; or, the byways of Mexico
Mysteries of the Libyan Desert : $b a record of three years of exploration in the heart of that vast & waterless region
Within the Law: From the Play of Bayard Veiller
Four Short Plays
The City of Domes : a walk with an architect about the courts and palaces of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition, with a discussion of its architecture, its sculpture, its mural decorations, its coloring and its lighting, preceded by a history of its growth
The Fortunate Youth
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 6
Beverly of Graustark
Andivius Hedulio: Adventures of a Roman Nobleman in the Days of the Empire
Over the Side: Captains All, Book 6.
Four-Dimensional Vistas
Among the Millet and Other Poems
Romance of the Rabbit
Pélléas and Mélisande; Alladine and Palomides; Home
Clementina
In a Green Shade: A Country Commentary
King John of Jingalo: The Story of a Monarch in Difficulties
One Wonderful Night: A Romance of New York
Joyous Gard
The Jungle Baby
The Gold Trail
Gilian The Dreamer: His Fancy, His Love and Adventure
Dollars and Sense
"Where Angels Fear to Tread" and Other Stories of the Sea
The Eugenic Marriage, Volume 3 (of 4): A Personal Guide to the New Science of Better Living and Better Babies
Athelstane Ford
In Doublet and Hose: A Story for Girls
The Crevice
The Very Small Person
Silhouettes
The Greater Power
The Lonely Way—Intermezzo—Countess Mizzie: Three Plays
The Colored Girl Beautiful
Rewards and Fairies
How Shakspere Came to Write the Tempest
Petticoat Rule
A Day with Walt Whitman
The Girl From His Town
Susan Clegg and Her Love Affairs
The Graftons: A Novel
The Hall and the Grange: A Novel
The History of Chivalry
The Motor Boat Club at Nantucket; or, The Mystery of the Dunstan Heir
The Veiled Man: Being an Account of the Risks and Adventures of Sidi Ahamadou, Sheikh of the Azjar Maraude
Idling in Italy: Studies of literature and of life
Animal Analogues: Verses and Illustrations
Motor tours in Yorkshire
The British State Telegraphs: A Study of the Problem of a Large Body of Civil Servants in a Democracy
The Youngest Sister: A Tale of Manitoba
Six Months in Mexico
The Economics of the Russian Village
The New Army in Training
The Religious Thought of the Greeks, from Homer to the Triumph of Christianity
Thames Valley Villages, Volume 1 (of 2)
The Appreciation of Music - Vol. 1 (of 3)
Gas and Petroleum Engines
Colin
Come and Find Me
Dante Alighieri, Apostle of Freedom: War-time and Peace-time Essays
Early English Water-Colour Drawings of the Great Masters
Rachel and the Seven Wonders
Ruysbroeck and the Mystics: with selections from Ruysbroeck
The Truth About Lynching and the Negro in the South: In Which the Author Pleads That the South Be Made Safe for the White Race
The Navy of the American Revolution : $b Its administration, its policy, and its achievements
Caroline the Illustrious, vol. 2 (of 2) : $b Queen-Consort of George II. and sometime Queen-Regent; a study of her life and time
Essays and soliloquies
The House of Egremont : $b a novel
Fifteen years of a dancer's life : $b With some account of her distinguished friends
The emperor's candlesticks
Anne Page
The Water Goats, and Other Troubles
Creatures That Once Were Men
The Two Vanrevels
Observations By Mr. Dooley
The Hohenzollerns in America: With the Bolsheviks in Berlin and Other Impossibilities
A Yankee Girl at Fort Sumter
Viola Gwyn
The Child and Childhood in Folk-Thought: Studies of the Activities and Influences of the Child Among Primitive Peoples, Their Analogues and Survivals in the Civilization of To-Day
Tenterhooks
Poetry
An Englishman Looks at the World: Being a Series of Unrestrained Remarks upon Contemporary Matters
Night Watches: Complete Series
Christine
In His Image
The Young Engineers in Mexico; Or, Fighting the Mine Swindlers
The Indiscretion of the Duchess: Being a Story Concerning Two Ladies, a Nobleman, and a Necklace
The Man Thou Gavest
On With Torchy
The Blue Pavilions
In Happy Valley
Happy Days
The Motor Car Dumpy Book: The Dumpy Books for Children #32
Friendly Visiting among the Poor: A Handbook for Charity Workers
The Second Battalion Royal Dublin Fusiliers in the South African War: With a Description of the Operations in the Aden Hinterland
Athalie
The Golden Face: A Great 'Crook' Romance
Tatterdemalion
Pretty Madcap Dorothy; Or, How She Won a Lover
The Camera Fiend
The Queen Against Owen
Under Padlock and Seal
A Top-Floor Idyl
The Secrets of Potsdam: A Startling Exposure of the Inner Life of the Courts of the Kaiser and Crown-Prince
The Diamond Pin
The Siege of the Seven Suitors
The Invasion
A Day with Robert Schumann
The Thousandth Woman
The History of Currency, 1252 to 1896
Thrice Armed
Georgina of the Rainbows
Yellowstone Nights
Young Blood
Our Little Swiss Cousin
Adrift in the Unknown; or, Queer Adventures in a Queer Realm
Canada in Flanders, Volume III
Tioba, and Other Tales
Buddy Jim
Between the Larch-woods and the Weir
Dave Porter and His Classmates; Or, For the Honor of Oak Hall
The Cottage on the Fells
A Motor-Flight Through France
The Five Nations, Volume I
Americans by Choice
The Woman in the Bazaar
The Runaway Equator, and the Strange Adventures of a Little Boy in Pursuit of It
The development of British landscape painting in water-colours
The Louvre: Fifty Plates in Colour
Human Work
My Story That I Like Best
Poems
The Virgins of the Rocks
The long road of woman's memory
The Safety First Club
With Washington in the west; $b or, A soldier boy's battles in the wilderness
Essays on things
The Mediaeval Stage, Volume 1 (of 2)
A crown of straw
The principles and objects of geology, with special reference to the geology of Egypt
Mother
The Hermit and the Wild Woman, and Other Stories
Light, Life, and Love: Selections from the German Mystics of the Middle Ages
The Rover Boys at School; Or, The Cadets of Putnam Hall
The Buccaneer Farmer: Published in England under the Title "Askew's Victory"
Forty Years in South China: The Life of Rev. John Van Nest Talmage, D.D.
The High School Boys in Summer Camp
The Plain Man and His Wife
How to Teach Religion: Principles and Methods
History of the World War, Vol. 3
Dreamland
The Transvaal from Within: A Private Record of Public Affairs
Hilda: A Story of Calcutta
Primavera: Poems by Four Authors
At the Point of the Sword
Dave Porter in the Gold Fields; Or, The Search for the Landslide Mine
Letters of Lt.-Col. George Brenton Laurie: (commanding 1st Battn. Royal Irish Rifles) Dated November 4th, 1914-March 11th, 1915
Peggy Owen and Liberty
Cedar Creek: From the Shanty to the Settlement. A Tale of Canadian Life
The Immortal Moment: The Story of Kitty Tailleur
How to tell the Birds from the Flowers, and other Wood-cuts: A Revised Manual of Flornithology for Beginners
Fra Angelico: A Sketch
The Hole in the Wall
Moonshine & Clover
A Maid at King Alfred's Court: A Story for Girls
How to Collect a Doctor Bill
The Eldest Son
For Jacinta
The House 'Round the Corner
Jack Harvey's Adventures; or, The Rival Campers Among the Oyster Pirates
Whither Thou Goest
Poison Romance and Poison Mysteries
Substitutes for Flesh Foods: Vegetarian Cook Book
The Exiles of Faloo
Peeps at Many Lands—India
The Complete Cynic: Being Bunches of Wisdom Culled from the Calendars of Oliver Herford, Ethel Watts Mumford, Addison Mizner
Encyclopedia of Diet: A Treatise on the Food Question, Vol. 4
Three Little Kittens
Hero Tales from History
Frenzied Liberty; The Myth of "A Rich Man's War"
Library Ideals
About Paris
Prisons & Prisoners: Some Personal Experiences
The White Wampum
The cremation of the dead: considered from an aesthetic, sanitary, religious, historical, medico-legal, and economical standpoint
Peeps at Many Lands: Corsica
A Yankee Girl at Shiloh
Yellow Star: A Story of East and West
"Stella Australis": Poems, verses and prose fragments
Faulkner's Folly
Isis very much unveiled, being the story of the great Mahatma hoax
The Cambridge, Ely, and King's Lynn Road: The Great Fenland Highway
Radio-Active Substances
Drawings of David Cox
The Lords of High Decision
The Rover Boys at Big Bear Lake; or, The Camps of the Rival Cadets
The mystery of Easter island: the story of an expedition
The crystal claw
The Three Taverns: A Book of Poems
Joy: A Play on the Letter "I"
Black Rock: A Tale of the Selkirks
The Blue Moon
Complete Plays of John Galsworthy
The Land of Heart's Desire
The Conservation of Races
The Greek View of Life
There Is Sorrow on the Sea
The Hour Glass
At Sunwich Port, Part 4.: Contents: Chapters 16-20
Two Little Knights of Kentucky
The Story of the Foss River Ranch: A Tale of the Northwest
The Little Colonel's Hero
Children of the Market Place
The Admirable Tinker: Child of the World
The Terrible Twins
The Wonder Island Boys:  The Tribesmen
Irish Books and Irish People
The Price of a Soul
A Phenomenal Fauna
The Shadow Witch
Commentary Upon the Maya-Tzental Perez Codex: with a Concluding Note Upon the Linguistic Problem of the Maya Glyphs
The Wagnerian Romances
If Winter Don't: A.B.C.D.E.F. Notsomuchinson
Saint Athanasius, the Father of Orthodoxy
Mr. Turtle's Flying Adventure: Hollow Tree Stories
Continuous Vaudeville
Absolution
My Three Years in America
Shan Folk Lore Stories from the Hill and Water Country
Religious Perplexities
The Shadow
The Inventions of the Idiot
The Tent Dwellers
Captain Ted: A Boy's Adventures Among Hiding Slackers in the Great Georgia Swamp
Erskine Dale—Pioneer
Polly in New York
A Damaged Reputation
The Jester's Sword: How Aldebaran, the King's Son Wore the Sheathed Sword of Conquest
Dodo Wonders--
The Lure of the Mississippi
Cyrus Hall McCormick: His Life and Work
Our Little Turkish Cousin
Distributive Justice: The Right and Wrong of Our Present Distribution of Wealth
Marie Tarnowska
Jean Baptiste: A Story of French Canada
Red Head and Whistle Breeches
The Seven Ages of Childhood
Two banks of the Seine (Les Deux Rives)
Thorley Weir
Revolutionary Reader: Reminiscences and Indian Legends
Erchie, My Droll Friend
In Pastures Green
Chats on Old Sheffield Plate
The Motor Boat Club at the Golden Gate; or, A Thrilling Capture in the Great Fog
The Black Eagle; or, Ticonderoga
Section Cutting and Staining: A practical introduction to histological methods for students and practitioners
The Poacher's Wife
Italian Backgrounds
Anatomy of the Cat
The Last Rebel
The Gaspards of Pine Croft: A Romance of the Windermere
The Dim Lantern
The Spark (The 'Sixties)
The Queen's Quair; or, The Six Years' Tragedy
The Poet
The Flag of the Adventurer
Woodland Paths
Annette and Sylvie: Being Volume One of The Soul Enchanted
The Last Duchess of Belgarde
The Hole Book
The face of Manchuria, Korea, & Russian Turkestan
Stars of the southern skies
Michael Robartes and the dancer
The Story of Evolution
The Lost Road
Under the Deodars
The Burning Spear: Being the Experiences of Mr. John Lavender in the Time of War
Madame de Treymes
The Path of a Star
The Book of Good Manners; a Guide to Polite Usage for All Social Functions
Sculpture of the Exposition Palaces and Courts: Descriptive Notes on the Art of the Statuary at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition, San Francisco
John Enderby
The Mystery of Murray Davenport: A Story of New York at the Present Day
Echoes of the War
Manners Makyth Man: Ship's Company, Part 12.
The House of Whispers
The Teaching of Jesus
Composition-Rhetoric
The Gibson Upright
The Jesus of History
Five Little Plays
The Forest of Swords: A Story of Paris and the Marne
The Wrack of the Storm
Abraham Lincoln
The Ghost of Jerry Bundler
The Man Who Rocked the Earth
On Christmas Day in the Morning
The Moving Finger
Good Old Anna
The Better Germany in War Time: Being Some Facts Towards Fellowship
The Madness of May
Masters of the Wheat-Lands
The Indifference of Juliet
The Brown Mouse
Children of Borneo
How Mr. Rabbit Lost his Tail: Hollow Tree Stories
What Shall I Be? A Chat With Young People
Applied Physiology, Including the Effects of Alcohol and Narcotics
Ewing's Lady
The Irish on the Somme: Being a Second Series of 'The Irish at the Front'
Abington Abbey: A Novel
The Messenger
Indian Legends Retold
The Soul of Susan Yellam
Romney
The Later Life
The Thames
Merlin: A Poem
Savage Island: An Account of a Sojourn in Niué and Tonga
The Vagrancy Problem.: The Case for Measures of Restraint for Tramps, Loafers, and Unemployables: With a Study of Continental Detention Colonies and Labour Houses
Lays and Legends of the English Lake Country: With Copious Notes
Six Girls and the Tea Room
In the Village of Viger
"Honest Abe": A Study in Integrity Based on the Early Life of Abraham Lincoln
Verses popular and humorous
Sweet P's
White Motley: A Novel
Teresa of Watling Street: A Fantasia on Modern Themes
Some Principles of Frontier Mountain Warfare
William Caxton
Frank Merriwell's Endurance; or, A Square Shooter
Ketchup: Methods of Manufacture; Microscopic Examination
The Challoners
Stage-coach and Mail in Days of Yore, Volume 1 (of 2): A picturesque history of the coaching age
Washington and the Riddle of Peace
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Charlotte Perkins Gilman
The Noble Rogue
Bohemian (Cech) Bibliography: A finding list of writings in English relating to Bohemia and the Cechs
The Double Search: Studies in Atonement and Prayer
Sabbath Defence Tactics: a manual
Eight Lectures on India
Secret Diplomacy: How Far Can It Be Eliminated?
Story of the automobile: Its history and development from 1760 to 1917: With an analysis of the standing and prospects of the automobile industry
A history of the Zulu Rebellion, 1906, and of Dinuzulu's arrest, trial, and expatriation
Together
Newer ideals of peace
Half a dozen boys : $b An every-day story
Harebell's friend
The King's Jackal
The American Nation: A History — Volume 1: European Background of American History, 1300-1600
Many Cargoes
A Prisoner in Fairyland (The Book That 'Uncle Paul' Wrote)
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Complete
When Valmond Came to Pontiac: The Story of a Lost Napoleon. Volume 2.
Pelle the Conqueror — Volume 03
Tales from Bohemia
Bunch Grass: A Chronicle of Life on a Cattle Ranch
Johnny Crow's Party
My Strangest Case
At Sunwich Port, Part 1.: Contents: Chapters 1-5
English Poems
The Makers and Teachers of Judaism: From the Fall of Jerusalem to the Death of Herod the Great
Bill's Paper Chase: Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 3.
The Song of our Syrian Guest
Stories of California
Tales of the Five Towns
Dick and Brownie
Among Famous Books
Lore of Proserpine
Women's Wild Oats: Essays on the Re-fixing of Moral Standards
The Substance of a Dream
The Wrong Woman
The Figure In The Mirage: 1905
"Fin Tireur": 1905
Labrador Days: Tales of the Sea Toilers
The Limit
Dave Porter and the Runaways; Or, Last Days at Oak Hall
Black Bass: Where to catch them in quantity within an hour's ride from New York
The Prayers of St. Paul
Three Young Ranchmen; or, Daring Adventures in the Great West
The Beautiful Miss Brooke
The Whole Armour of God
Making Up with Mr. Dog: Hollow Tree Stories
In Jeopardy
My Life
Edith and John: A Story of Pittsburgh
Jimmy Quixote: A Novel
The Guardians of the Columbia: Mount Hood, Mount Adams and Mount St. Helens
Arrah Neil; or, Times of Old
The Downfall of the Dervishes; or, The Avenging of Gordon
Hints to Young Yacht Skippers
Mrs Peixada
Alone in West Africa
The Yale Cup
The Strife of the Sea
The Busy Woman's Garden Book
Musical Studies
Regeneration
The Three Brothers
The Masterfolk: Wherein is Attempted the Unravelling of the Strange Affair of my Lord Wyntwarde of Cavil and Miss Betty Modeyne
Dramatis Personæ
Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards; Or, Astonishing the Europeans
The Dark Road: further adventures of Chéri-Bibi
The Kings of the East: A Romance of the Near Future
Hilda Strafford: A California Story
Modern Woman: Her Intentions
Fossil plants, Vol. 1: [A text-book] for students of botany and geology
The Roman assemblies from their origin to the end of the Republic
The women novelists
Dishes made without meat
Indian tales of the great ones among men, women, and bird-people
The miracle of Saint Anthony
My heart's in the Highlands
Queer questions and ready replies : $b A collection of four hundred questions in history, geography, biography, mythology, philosophy, natural history, science, philology, etc., etc., with their answers
His love story
Lead poisoning and lead absorption : $b The symptoms, pathology and prevention, with special reference to their industrial origin, and an account of the principal processes involving risk
The Quest of the Golden Girl: A Romance
Philosophy 4: A Story of Harvard University
The Jimmyjohn Boss, and Other Stories
The Lion and the Unicorn
Dawn
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Complete
Synge and the Ireland of His Time
Roden's Corner
The Velvet Glove
Frank Merriwell's Nobility; Or, The Tragedy of the Ocean Tramp
Cupboard Love: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 5.
The Court of Boyville
Six Women
Wanted—A Match Maker
Nicky-Nan, Reservist
Beatrix of Clare
An Introduction to the Study of Browning
The Legend of the Bleeding-heart
Forty-one Thieves: A Tale of California
R. Holmes & Co.: Being the Remarkable Adventures of Raffles Holmes, Esq., Detective and Amateur Cracksman by Birth
The Doings of the Fifteenth Infantry Brigade: August 1914 to March 1915
Children and their books
War and the Weird
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Ripon: A Short History of the Church and a Description of Its Fabric
Suppers: Novel Suggestions for Social Occasions
Rosalind at Red Gate
Education: How Old The New
Psyche
Frank Merriwell's Alarm; Or, Doing His Best
The Near East: Dalmatia, Greece and Constantinople
Mollie and the Unwiseman Abroad
Her Majesty's Minister
The Great Court Scandal
Our Little Irish Cousin
Our Little Jewish Cousin
Perkins of Portland: Perkins The Great
The Girls of Silver Spur Ranch
Packing and Portaging
The Pony Rider Boys in New England; or, An Exciting Quest in the Maine Wilderness
Such is Life: A Play in Five Acts
The Vanishing of Betty Varian
Neighbors Unknown
The Vitality of "Mormonism": An Address
Cosmos
An Irish precursor of Dante : $b a study on the Vision of Heaven and Hell ascribed to the eighth-century Irish saint Adamnán, with translation of the Irish text
Morley Ernstein; or, the Tenants of the Heart
Uncle Sam's Boys on Field Duty; or, Winning Corporal's Chevrons
A Day with Robert Louis Stevenson
Brotherly House
Azalea at Sunset Gap
The Philosophy of the Practical: Economic and Ethic
Squire Phin
The Coming of the White Men: Stories of How Our Country Was Discovered
Kate Meredith, Financier
Low Tide on Grand Pré: A Book of Lyrics
Heart of Europe
The Babe, B.A. : being the uneventful history of a young gentleman at Cambridge University
Thames Valley Villages, Volume 2 (of 2)
Peter
"The Flu": a brief history of influenza in U.S. America, Europe, Hawaii
Midshipman Merrill
Music and Life: A study of the relations between ourselves and music
Doctors: An Address delivered to the Students of the Medical School of the Middlesex Hospital, 1st October, 1908
A Commentary
The West from a car window
Notes on witchcraft
The case against spiritualism
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume I, Part 2: 1866-1875
Number Seventeen
The One Woman: A Story of Modern Utopia
The Splendid Spur: Being Memoirs of the Adventures of Mr. John Marvel, a Servant of His Late Majesty King Charles I, in the Years 1642-3
Homeward Bound: Sailor's Knots, Part 2.
The Boatswain's Mate: Captains All, Book 2.
Deep Waters
Dorian
The Lost Ambassador; Or, The Search For The Missing Delora
Old Fires and Profitable Ghosts: A Book of Stories
Plays, Acting and Music: A Book Of Theory
The Thirteenth Chair: A Play in Three Acts
The Fall of the Grand Sarrasin: Being a Chronicle of Sir Nigel de Bessin, Knight, of Things that Happed in Guernsey Island, in the Norman Seas, in and about the Year One Thousand and Fifty-Seven
Life in a Thousand Worlds
The Tysons (Mr. and Mrs. Nevill Tyson)
The Rover Boys on Treasure Isle; Or, The Strange Cruise of the Steam Yacht
The Lighted Way
The Voyage of the Rattletrap
A Comedy of Masks: A Novel
Red Saunders' Pets and Other Critters
The Simpkins Plot
The Rise of the Democracy
Base-ball : $b How to become a player, with the origin, history and explanation of the game
Frank Merriwell's Cruise
Mr. Dooley in Peace and in War
As It Was in the Beginning
Jack Wright and His Electric Stage; or, Leagued Against the James Boys
Bulbs and Blossoms
Appearances: Being Notes of Travel
In Her Own Right
The Tailor and the Crow: An Old Rhyme with New Drawings
Life of St. Vincent de Paul
The Sandman: His Sea Stories
My Lady of the Chimney Corner
A Boy Knight
The Firebrand
The Unknown Sea
Dave Porter in the South Seas; or, The Strange Cruise of the Stormy Petrel
The Shooting of Dan McGrew, A Novel. Based on the Famous Poem of Robert Service
The Hollow Tree Snowed-in Book: being a continuation of the stories about the Hollow Tree and Deep Woods people
The Marriage of Esther
Mollie and the Unwiseman
Through the Land of the Serb
Watteau
Our Little Dutch Cousin
A Chain of Evidence
Our Little Hawaiian Cousin
The Search Party
"Mr. Punch's" Book of Arms
Mrs. Darrell
The Fall of a Nation: A Sequel to the Birth of a Nation
Manual of Library Economy: Third and Memorial Edition
The Mentor: Furniture and its Makers, Vol. 1, Num. 30, Serial No. 30
When Gretel Was Fifteen
The Lover's Baedeker and Guide to Arcady
Teddy Bears
Peter Abélard
Adventures in Wallypug-Land
Jane Austen and Her Times
The Story of the Gravelys: A Tale for Girls
A Dangerous Flirtation; Or, Did Ida May Sin?
The Galleon's Gold; or, Frank Reade, Jr.'s Deep Sea Search.
The Man Who Found Himself (Uncle Simon)
Reminiscences of Leo Nicolayevitch Tolstoi
The Younger American Poets
Storm in a Teacup
Lovers' Saint Ruth's, and Three Other Tales
The Laughing Willow: Verses and Pictures
Patrins: To Which Is Added an Inquirendo Into the Wit & Other Good Parts of His Late Majesty King Charles the Second
A Cruise in the Sky; or, The Legend of the Great Pink Pearl
Adventures of Martin Hewitt, Third Series
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of William J. Locke
The Seven Purposes: An Experience in Psychic Phenomena
Wild Pastures
White Magic: A Novel
The Proof of the Pudding
Summer
Fatigue study : $b the elimination of humanity's greatest unnecessary waste. A first step in motion study
Tomato products: pulp, ketchup, and chili sauce.
The Lost House
The Darrow Enigma
Red Pepper Burns
The Rise of David Levinsky
Abraham Lincoln and the Union: A Chronicle of the Embattled North
The Fathers of the Constitution: A Chronicle of the Establishment of the Union
The Bird-Woman of the Lewis and Clark Expedition
The Translation of a Savage, Complete
In Divers Tones
Prince Zaleski
The Life of Marie de Medicis, Queen of France, Consort of Henri IV, and Regent of the Kingdom under Louis XIII — Volume 3
Odd Charges: Odd Craft, Part 13.
Mr. Prohack
Behind the Arras: A Book of the Unseen
The Uttermost Farthing
The Love Affairs of an Old Maid
Smaïn; and Safti's Summer Day: 1905
The Princess And The Jewel Doctor: 1905
Careless Jane and Other Tales
The God of Love
Cornwall's Wonderland
The Cheerful Smugglers
The Lady of Loyalty House: A Novel
Hurricane Island
How the Piano Came to Be
In the Days of  Drake
The House Under the Sea: A Romance
A Great Man: A Frolic
The Peace of Roaring River
The Making of Mona
Mistress Nell: A Merry Tale of a Merry Time
Mad Shepherds, and Other Human Studies
Studies in Spermatogenesis (Part 1 of 2)
The Garden of Dreams
The Way of the Gods
An Almanac of Twelve Sports
Woman's Work in English Fiction, from the Restoration to the Mid-Victorian Period
Habits that Handicap: The Menace of Opium, Alcohol, and Tobacco, and the Remedy
Seeing France with Uncle John
Benjamin Franklin, Self-Revealed, Volume 1 (of 2): A Biographical and Critical Study Based Mainly on his own Writings
A Proposal Under Difficulties: A Farce
Great Britain's Sea Policy: A Reply to an American Critic, reprinted from 'The Atlantic Monthly'
Tiny Luttrell
My Lord Duke
Beautiful Bulbous Plants for the Open Air
The Coast of Adventure
The Phil May Album
Sunshine Jane
The Four Corners of the World
"Der Tag"; or, The Tragic Man
Tics and Their Treatment
Sources of the Synoptic Gospels
The Red Room
Dick Merriwell Abroad; Or, The Ban of the Terrible Ten
Swords Reluctant
The Trail Boys of the Plains; Or, The Hunt for the Big Buffalo
Flower of the Gorse
Bird Children: The Little Playmates of the Flower Children
Fissure of the Anus and Fistula in Ano
The Rock of the Lion
Mr. Punch's "Animal Land"
One in a Thousand; or, The Days of Henri Quatre
A Whim, and Its Consequences: Collection of British Authors Vol. CXIV
Dick and Dolly
The Maréchale (Catherine Booth-Clibborn)
The Fleets at War
The Ship of Coral
The Abandoned Country; or, Frank Reade, Jr., Exploring a New Continent.
A Son at the Front
Crises in the History of the Papacy: A study of twenty famous popes whose careers and whose influence were important in the development of the church and in the history of the world
The Story of a Pumpkin Pie
The Blue Birds at Happy Hills
More Minor Horrors
When a witch is young: a historical novel
The angel of his presence; and Gabriel the Acadian
The wolf trail
How to paint permanent pictures
The Eagle's eye
Tafilet : $b the narrative of a journey of exploration in the Atlas mountains and the oases of the north-west Sahara
Tantalus : $b or, The future of Man
Old lamps for new
The printers, stationers and bookbinders of Westminster and London from 1476 to 1535
The Conflict
The Illustrious Prince
The ninth vibration and other stories
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume II, Part 1: 1886-1900
Mr. Achilles
The Guest of Quesnay
At the Sign of the Eagle
The Seats of the Mighty, Volume 5
The Belted Seas
War-time Silhouettes
Between Friends
A Golden Venture: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 11.
Easy Money: Night Watches, Part 9.
The Great Adventure: A Play of Fancy in Four Acts
Memoirs of Arthur Hamilton, B. A. of Trinity College, Cambridge: Extracted from His Letters and Diaries, with Reminiscences of His Conversation by His Friend Christopher Carr of the Same College
News from the Duchy
The Farringdons
Edward FitzGerald and "Posh": "Herring Merchants"
The Wonder Island Boys: Exploring the Island
The Albert Gate Mystery: Being Further Adventures of Reginald Brett, Barrister Detective
The Mission Of Mr. Eustace Greyne: 1905
The Mystery of a Turkish Bath
The Forester's Daughter: A Romance of the Bear-Tooth Range
Love—Marriage—Birth Control: Being a Speech delivered at the Church Congress at Birmingham, October, 1921
The Rover Boys in Alaska; or, Lost in the Fields of Ice
Northern Lights
Merry-Garden and Other Stories
Dwellers in the Hills
The Blind Lion of the Congo
Marching on Niagara; Or, The Soldier Boys of the Old Frontier
The Blood of Rachel, a Dramatization of Esther, and Other Poems
The influence and development of English gilds : $b as illustrated by the history of the craft gilds of Shrewsbury
A Pilgrim Maid: A Story of Plymouth Colony in 1620
A Holiday in Bed, and Other Sketches
Three Little Women's Success: A Story for Girls
Sheilah McLeod: A Heroine of the Back Blocks
Deutschland Über Allah
The Jack-Knife Man
The Putnam Hall Cadets; or, Good Times in School and Out
Our Little Arabian Cousin
Samuel Pepys and the Royal Navy
Practical Talks by an Astronomer
Pagan Ideas of Immortality During the Early Roman Empire
Through the Telescope
The Flower Garden
In Wildest Africa, Vol. 2
Making the Nine
The Land of Riddles (Russia of To-day)
The Freaks of Mayfair
Brazil and Her People of To-day: An Account of the Customs, Characteristics, Amusements, History and Advancement of the Brazilians, and the Development and Resources of Their Country
The Bear Family at Home, and How the Circus Came to Visit Them
The Soul of Abraham Lincoln
A Yankee Girl at Antietam
Will Bradley, His Chap Book: An account, in the words of the dean of American typographers, of his graphic arts adventures ...
Lynch Law in Georgia
A First Reader
The Old Miracle Plays of England
The Canary Islands
The war of the Carolinas
Best laid schemes
Congo life and folklore
The story of the Congo Free State : $b Social, political, and economic aspects of the Belgian system of government in Central Africa
The gamblers
Through India and Burmah with pen and brush
How animals talk : $b And other pleasant studies of birds and beast
Frivolous Cupid
Somebody's Little Girl
The Gathering of Brother Hilarius
The Man Who Could Not Lose
The Consul
Other Things Being Equal
The Mob: A Play in Four Acts
The Foundations (An Extravagant Play)
Glengarry School Days: A Story of Early Days in Glengarry
Rebecca Mary
Rise of the New West, 1819-1829
Plays : Fourth Series
The Water Ghost and Others
"The Ladies": A Shining Constellation of Wit and Beauty
Introductory American History
America's War for Humanity
The Book-Bills of Narcissus: An Account Rendered by Richard Le Gallienne
The Shadow of the North: A Story of Old New York and a Lost Campaign
Witness for the Defence
Flames
Heiress of Haddon
A Good Samaritan
The golden west boys, Injun and Whitey to the rescue
The Helpmate
Judy
The Trumpeter Swan
The Buried Temple
Frank Merriwell's Races
Preventable Diseases
Face to Face with Kaiserism
Helen Redeemed and Other Poems
The Collaborators: 1896
The Rubáiyát of Bridge
Flip's "Islands of Providence"
The Smart Set: Correspondence & Conversations
The Flaw in the Crystal
The Empire of the East
The Meaning of Evolution
Rodney, the Ranger, with Daniel Morgan on Trail and Battlefield
Stand Up, Ye Dead
The Preliminaries, and Other Stories
The Ship-Dwellers: A Story of a Happy Cruise
A Mysterious Disappearance
Parlous Times: A Novel of Modern Diplomacy
The Golden Web
Frank Merriwell's Return to Yale
The Dust of Conflict
Famous Prima Donnas
A Day with Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Jane Oglander
Love Sonnets of an Office Boy
Browning and His Century
The Dorrance Domain
Vayenne
Beaumarchais and the War of American Independence, Vol. 2
The Elements of Qualitative Chemical Analysis, vol. 1, parts 1 and 2.: With Special Consideration of the Application of the Laws of Equilibrium and of the Modern Theories of Solution.
Salvador of the Twentieth Century
Our Young Aeroplane Scouts in Russia; or, Lost on the Frozen Steppes
A Spring Walk in Provence
Birds' Nests, Eggs and Egg-Collecting
Daughters of the Dominion: A Story of the Canadian Frontier
The Whistler book : $b a monograph of the life and position in art of James McNeill Whistler, together with a careful study of his more important works
Mary of Burgundy; or, The Revolt of Ghent
Newfoundland to Cochin China: By the Golden Wave, New Nippon, and the Forbidden City
The Gilded Chair: A Novel
A Man from the North
A Candid History of the Jesuits
The Book of the Native
Byways in British Archaeology
The Candle and the Cat
The Domestic Slave Trade of the Southern States
British Butterflies
The Jugglers: A Story
Advisory Ben: A Story
The Safety First Club and the Flood
The Vampire of the Continent
Highways and Highway Transportation
Questions at Issue in Our English Speech
Dwala: A romance
Crystals
Harper's indoor book for boys
The cost of wings, and other stories
Cheese and its economical uses in the diet
Colas Breugnon
Magic
Legends of Vancouver
The Famous Missions of California
The Shagganappi
Half a Dozen Girls
The Lady of the Decoration
October Vagabonds
The Bicyclers and Three Other Farces
Food for the Lambs; or, Helps for Young Christians
Collected Poems 1897 - 1907, by Henry Newbolt
Ulster's Stand For Union
The Little Red Chimney: Being the Love Story of a Candy Man
The Lifted Bandage
The Child of the Dawn
The Exiles and Other Stories
The climbers : $b A play in four acts
The Chink in the Armour
The Black Box
A Woman's Love Letters
The New Heavens
How to Tell the Birds from the Flowers
The Jefferson-Lemen Compact: The Relations of Thomas Jefferson and James Lemen in the Exclusion of Slavery from Illinois and Northern Territory with Related Documents 1781-1818
Sally of Missouri
The Basis of Early Christian Theism
The Choice: 1916
Frank Merriwell's Son; Or, A Chip Off the Old Block
A Man of the People: A Drama of Abraham Lincoln
Aladdin of London; Or, Lodestar
The Traitors
Soldiers of the Queen
The Plunderer
Vigée Le Brun
Unfinished Portraits: Stories of Musicians and Artists
The Stages in the Social History of Capitalism
Barbara Ladd
Cathedral Cities of England: 60 reproductions from original water-colours
How to Write Music: Musical Orthography
Lincoln's Use of the Bible
Keeping Tryst: A Tale of King Arthur's Time
Denry the Audacious
Lord Montagu's Page: An Historical Romance
Just Irish
The Rival Campers Afloat; or, The Prize Yacht Viking
In the open : $b intimate studies and appreciations of nature
Our Little Canadian Cousin
Aunt Jane
On Old-World Highways: A Book of Motor Rambles in France and Germany and the Record of a Pilgrimage from Land's End to John O'Groats in Britain
The China Painter Instruction Book
Attila: A Romance. Vol. II.
A Queen of Tears, vol. 2 of 2: Caroline Matilda, Queen of Denmark and Norway and Princess of Great Britain and Ireland
Pearls & Parasites
In the Desert of Waiting: The Legend of Camel-back Mountain
Azalea: The Story of a Little Girl in the Blue Ridge Mountains
Sketch-Book of the North
A Broken Journey: Wanderings from the Hoang-Ho to the Island of Saghalien and the Upper Reaches of the Amur River
The Chief Mate's Yarns: Twelve Tales of the Sea
The School Four
The Americans
Jacquette, a Sorority Girl
The Wild Irishman
My Queen: A Weekly Journal for Young Women. Issue 4, October 20, 1900: Marion Marlowe's Noble Work; or, The Tragedy at the Hospital
The Princess Sophia
Floyd's Flowers; Or, Duty and Beauty for Colored Children: Being One Hundred Short Stories Gleaned from the Storehouse of Human Knowledge and Experience: Simple, Amusing, Elevating
A student's history of education
Living Fountains or Broken Cisterns: An Educational Problem for Protestants
How to Visit the English Cathedrals
Emanuel Swedenborg's Investigations in Natural Science and the Basis for His Statements Concerning the Functions of the Brain
My Arctic journal: a year among ice-fields and Eskimos
Turquois mosaic art in ancient Mexico
Eris
The Rover Boys Shipwrecked; or, A Thrilling Hunt for Pirates' Gold
The Berkeleys and their neighbors
Devil tales
The course of creation
Keep Happy
Quo vadimus? : $b Some glimpses of the future
The Reporter Who Made Himself King
Editorials from the Hearst Newspapers
Billy and the Big Stick
Tillie, a Mennonite Maid; a Story of the Pennsylvania Dutch
The Tempting of Tavernake
In Secret
In Kedar's Tents
The Seats of the Mighty, Volume 1
The Project Gutenberg Complete Works of Gilbert Parker
Songs of Labor, and Other Poems
The Miracle, and Other Poems
Double Dealing: Sailor's Knots, Part 11.
Van Bibber and Others
The Precipice: A Novel
Ships that pass in the night
Mischievous Maid Faynie
The Young Engineers on the Gulf: Or, The Dread Mystery of the Million Dollar Breakwater
Martha By-the-Day
With Rimington
Your Boys
A Jongleur Strayed: Verses on Love and Other Matters Sacred and Profane
August First
The Recitation
How to Live: Rules for Healthful Living Based on Modern Science
Horses Nine: Stories of Harness and Saddle
The Great Amulet
Dross
A Son of the Hills
Scottish Cathedrals and Abbeys
Salthaven
A Girl of the Klondike
The Heart of Nature; or, The Quest for Natural Beauty
The Van Dwellers: A Strenuous Quest for a Home
At the Crossroads
Books Before Typography: A Primer of Information About the Invention of the Alphabet and the History of Book-Making up to the Invention of Movable Types; Typographic Technical Series for Apprentices #49
A Little Dusky Hero
The Irish at the Front
Through the Postern Gate: A Romance in Seven Days
Highway Pirates; or, The Secret Place at Coverthorne
Chats on Old Furniture: A Practical Guide for Collectors
Yankee Ships and Yankee Sailors: Tales of 1812
A Butterfly on the Wheel: A Novel
The Story of Fifty-Seven Cents
The Outspan: Tales of South Africa
Harding of Allenwood
The Problem of Foreign Policy: A Consideration of Present Dangers and the Best Methods for Meeting Them
In League with Israel: A Tale of the Chattanooga Conference
Mrs. Maxon Protests
New Homes for Old
The Barrel Mystery
Memoirs of a Surrey Labourer: A Record of the Last Years of Frederick Bettesworth
The Story of the Teasing Monkey
The Great American Pie Company
On Yachts and Yacht Handling
Nabul, Our Little Egyptian Cousin
Manpower
Twelve Naval Captains: Being a Record of Certain Americans Who Made Themselves Immortal
The Mentor: Among the Ruins of Rome, Vol. 1, Num. 46, Serial No. 46
Troubadour Tales
Gowrie; or, the King's Plot.
The Woman in the Alcove
As It Was Written: A Jewish Musician's Story
Extraction of the Teeth
Blessed Edmund Campion
The Poems of Madison Cawein, Volume 3 (of 5): Nature poems
Hymn Stories of the Twentieth Century
The Attic Guest: A Novel
The genetic and the operative evidence relating to secondary sexual characters
The Luck of the Vails: A Novel
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Booth Tarkington
When Scout Meets Scout; or, The Aeroplane Spy
Development of Muslim Theology, Jurisprudence, and Constitutional Theory
The New Teaching of History: With a reply to some recent criticisms of The Outline of History
Cuba and Her People of To-day: An account of the history and progress of the island previous to its independence; a description of its physical features; a study of its people; and, in particular, an examination of its present political conditions, its industries, natural resources, and prospects; together with information and suggestions designed to aid the prospective investor or settler
The Fascinating Stranger, and Other Stories
Jack Miner and the Birds, and Some Things I Know about Nature
Agatha's Aunt
The Catalpa Expedition
Pussy-Cat Town
Wee Willie Winkie, and Other Stories. Volume 2 (of 2)
Inside the Russian Revolution
Learning and Other Essays
The Prince of the Captivity: The Epilogue to a Romance
Captain Bill McDonald, Texas Ranger: A Story of Frontier Reform
Eline Vere
A Strange, Sad Comedy
The man in grey: Being episodes of the Chovan [i.e. Chouan] conspiracies in Normandy during the First Empire.
Sandman's rainy day stories
The isle of dead ships
The face of China : $b Travels in east, north, central and western China
Four girls of forty years ago
Akhnaton, King of Egypt
His Own People
The Sky Pilot: A Tale of the Foothills
Brazilian Sketches
The Hidden Children
The Rover Boys in New York; Or, Saving Their Father's Honor
Essays on Russian Novelists
The Origin and Permanent Value of the Old Testament
The Architecture and Landscape Gardening of the Exposition: A Pictorial Survey of the Most Beautiful Achitectural Compositions of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition
In the Library: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 6.
The Rim of the Desert
Our Stage and Its Critics: By "E.F.S." of "The Westminster Gazette"
Philip Winwood: A Sketch of the Domestic History of an American Captain in the War of Independence; Embracing Events that Occurred between and during the Years 1763 and 1786, in New York and London: written by His Enemy in War, Herbert Russell, Lieutenant in the Loyalist Forces.
The Workingman's Paradise: An Australian Labour Novel
The Summons
Sea Warfare
Joyce of the North Woods
The Captain of the Kansas
The Lady Paramount
The Plum Tree
Modern Persia
The Carved Cupboard
A Labrador Doctor: The Autobiography of Wilfred Thomason Grenfell
A Circuit Rider's Wife
Shining Ferry
General John Regan
Hawtrey's Deputy
The Strange Adventures of Mr. Middleton
The Gay Rebellion
Cleo The Magnificent; Or, The Muse of the Real: A Novel
Browning's England: A Study in English Influences in Browning
Ditte: Girl Alive!
St. Gregory and the Gregorian Music
"Long Live the King!"
Keep-Well Stories for Little Folks
Pharos, The Egyptian: A Romance
In Camp With A Tin Soldier
Harvard Stories: Sketches of the Undergraduate
Briarwood Girls
The Best Policy
Concerning Sally
A Bride from the Bush
The Yellow House; Master of Men
The Youth of Parnassus, and Other Stories
The Alternative
The Adventures of a Suburbanite
Notes of a Journey on the Upper Mekong, Siam
The Happy Average
Normandy
Patty—Bride
The Law of the Sea: A manual of the principles of admiralty law for students, mariners, and ship operators
Baden-Powell of Mafeking
The Kallikak Family: A Study in the Heredity of Feeble-Mindedness
The Bride of the Sun
Shot With Crimson
The New Optimism
Twilight
Goose-Quill Papers
The Flight of Georgiana: A Story of Love and Peril in England in 1746
The Mania of the Nations on the Planet Mars and its Terrific Consequences: A Combination of Fun and Wisdom
Songs of the Common Day, and, Ave!: An Ode for the Shelley Centenary
In a Syrian Saddle
Buster the Big Brown Bear
Hurrell Froude: Memoranda and Comments
Our Family Affairs, 1867-1896
The Sixth Sense: Its Cultivation and Use
Pictures by Phil May
Army and Navy Uniforms and Insignia: How to Know Rank, Corps and Service in the Military and Naval Forces of the United States and Foreign Countries
Harlow Niles Higinbotham: A memoir with brief autobiography and extracts from speeches and letters
Some Immigrant Neighbors
Plague and pestilence in literature and art
A Mississippi View of Race Relations in the South
How to live: A manual of hygiene for use in the schools of the Philippine islands
The Illustrators of Montmartre
Yellow Butterflies
The Loves of the Lady Arabella
A handbook of library appliances: The technical equipment of libraries: fittings, furniture, charging systems, forms, recipes, etc.
Betrothed for a day: Or, Queenie Trevalyn's love test
The mystery of Central Park : $b A novel
Demobilization : $b our industrial and military demobilization after the armistice, 1918-1920
By the gods beloved
The Bishop's purse
The crow's-nest
The Fortune Hunter
Peace Manoeuvres
From a College Window
Vicky Van
Northern Lights, Volume 4.
The Rising of the Court
Guns and Snowshoes; Or, the Winter Outing of the Young Hunters
The Triple Alliance, Its Trials and Triumphs
Robert Louis Stevenson, an Elegy; and Other Poems
Ireland, Historic and Picturesque
The Egyptian Conception of Immortality: The Ingersoll Lecture, 1911
The Regent
The Weapons of Mystery
The Common Law
Bobby of the Labrador
By Still Waters: Lyrical Poems Old and New
An Interpretation of Rudolf Eucken's Philosophy
Masques & Phases
Hertfordshire
Crittenden: A Kentucky Story of Love and War
Women of the Romance Countries
Merely Mary Ann
Rabbi and Priest: A Story
Expansion and Conflict
The Years Between
Monopolies and the People
The Spinster: 1905
The Desert Drum: 1905
Desert Air: 1905
Poems: New and Old
The Cycle of Spring
Dave Porter and His Rivals; or, The Chums and Foes of Oak Hall
The Dragon of Wantley: His Tale
Caps and Capers: A Story of Boarding-School Life
Mr. Rabbit's Wedding: Hollow Tree Stories
Herbert Hoover: The Man and His Work
The Lord of Glory: Meditations on the person, the work and glory of our Lord Jesus Christ
The Curse of Education
Studies in Prophecy
Idyllic Monologues: Old and New World Verses
Our Battalion: Being Some Slight Impressions of His Majesty's Auxiliary Forces, in Camp and Elsewhere
Food Poisoning
Constable
Embryology: The Beginnings of Life
The Protector
How We Are Fed: A Geographical Reader
Rose à Charlitte
Mga Paquigpulong sa Iningles ug Binisaya
Quintus Oakes: A Detective Story
Mpuke, Our Little African Cousin
Tessa, Our Little Italian Cousin
To Tell You the Truth
Children of the Dear Cotswolds
Captain Ravenshaw; Or, The Maid of Cheapside. A Romance of Elizabethan London
Mr. Punch's Dramatic Sequels
Young India: An interpretation and a history of the nationalist movement from within
The Delectable Mountains
Patience Worth: A Psychic Mystery
Is Spiritualism Based on Fraud?: The Evidence Given by Sir A.C. Doyle and Others Drastically Examined
The Methods and Scope of Genetics: An inaugural lecture delivered 23 October 1908
The Picaroons
Tales of Two Countries
Cupid's Fair-Weather Booke: Including an Almanack for Any Two Years (True Love Ought to Last That Long)
The Poems of Madison Cawein, Volume 4 (of 5): Poems of mystery and of myth and romance
Turner's Golden Visions
Chats on English China
My Japanese Wife: A Japanese Idyl
Confidential Chats with Boys
Motherhood and the Relationships of the Sexes
The Puering, Bating & Drenching of Skins
War-Time Breads and Cakes
Chats on Old Silver
The story of Coventry
The Trysting Place: A Farce in One Act
The Coming of Lugh: A Celtic Wonder-Tale Retold
Gypsy Coppersmiths in Liverpool and Birkenhead
The Four-Masted Cat-Boat, and Other Truthful Tales
Social Forces in England and America
The Irish Guards in the Great War, Volume 1 (of 2) : $b The First Battalion
Zelda Dameron
Home Life in Tokyo
The Heir
Motor Camping
The Gold Brick
The house on Henry Street
Australian Fairy Tales
The Northmen in Britain
Bimbo, the pirate: A comedy
The old lady shows her medals
A Virginia cavalier
The quare women : $b A story of the Kentucky mountains
Jocelyn
Hell Fer Sartain and Other Stories
My Buried Treasure
The Little Dream: An Allegory in Six Scenes
The Farm That Won't Wear Out
The Courage of the Commonplace
The Moccasin Maker
Michael O'Halloran
The Secret of the Tower
A Man of Mark
Dave Ranney: Or, Thirty Years on the Bowery; An Autobiography
The Spinners
Mr. Pat's Little Girl: A Story of the Arden Foresters
A Dutch Boy Fifty Years After
The Ship of Stars
Once Upon A Time
The Betrayal
The Story of the Red Cross as told to The Little Colonel
A People's Man
Songs of Angus and More Songs of Angus
The Castle Of The Shadows
The Boy Land Boomer; Or, Dick Arbuckle's Adventures in Oklahoma
The Cryptogram: A Story of Northwest Canada
The Pomp of Yesterday
The Grain Ship
The Birthright
The Panchronicon
Gloucester Moors and Other Poems
The Man Who Drove the Car
Morals in Trade and Commerce
Manufacturing Cost Data on Artificial Ice
Robert Burns
Old Plymouth Trails
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Wells: A Description of Its Fabric and a Brief History of the Episcopal See
An Engagement of Convenience: A Novel
The Sentimental Adventures of Jimmy Bulstrode
A Lame Dog's Diary
Notes of an Itinerant Policeman
The Promise of Air
First at the North Pole; Or, Two Boys in the Arctic Circle
Rhymes for Harry and His Nurse-Maid
Joyzelle
By the Aurelian Wall, and Other Elegies
The Fighting Retreat To Paris
Soldiers of the Legion, Trench-Etched
The Wind-Jammers
A Tour Through Old Provence
Captain John Smith
Frank Reade, Jr.'s Search for the Silver Whale: Or, Under the Ocean in the Electric "Dolphin"
Paint & Colour Mixing: A practical handbook for painters, decorators and all who have to mix colours, containing 72 samples of paint of various colours, including the principal graining grounds
The Hemlock Avenue Mystery
Barry Wynn; Or, The Adventures of a Page Boy in the United States Congress
Painting by Immersion and by Compressed Air: A Practical Handbook
Papuan Pictures
Battling the Bighorn; or, The Aeroplane in the Rockies
The causes of prostitution
The Newmarket, Bury, Thetford and Cromer Road: Sport and history on an East Anglian turnpike
The Luck of the Kid
New Poems
The Preservation of the Exterior of Wooden Buildings
Neighbourhood: A year's life in and about an English village
The Workers: An Experiment in Reality. The West
Phil May: Sketches from "Punch."
Under Three Flags: A Story of Mystery
Blue and Purple
Miss Lochinvar: A Story for Girls
The History of the Lady Betty Stair
Trimblerigg : $b A book of revelation
Anne's terrible good nature, and other stories for children
The Price She Paid
Padre Ignacio; Or, The Song of Temptation
The Grey Room
The Amateur
The Patrol of the Sun Dance Trail
The Boys' Life of Mark Twain
On the Firing Line
The Dutch Twins
Jeanne of the Marshes
The Prince of Graustark
Mr. World and Miss Church-Member: A Twentieth Century Allegory
Ghosts I Have Met and Some Others
The Nomad of the Nine Lives
The European Anarchy
Industrial Progress and Human Economics
The Red Axe
Bill's Lapse: Odd Craft, Part 4.
A Review of the Resources and Industries of the State of Washington, 1909
The Dreamer: A Romantic Rendering of the Life-Story of Edgar Allan Poe
Susan Clegg and Her Neighbors' Affairs
Johnny Crow's Garden
The skipper's wooing, and The brown man's servant
Halima And The Scorpions: 1905
Marjorie
Skinner's Dress Suit
Gawayne and the Green Knight
Conservation Reader
The Rival Campers Ashore; or, The Mystery of the Mill
The Continental Dragoon: A Love Story of Philipse Manor-House in 1778
The Purple Cow!
The Bible in its Making: The most Wonderful Book in the World
An Artist in Crime
Cathedral Cities of Spain: 60 Reproductions from Original Water Colours
At the Fall of Port Arthur; Or, A Young American in the Japanese Navy
The Shadow of a Man
Here and Hereafter
The Mormon puzzle, and how to solve it
Emmy Lou's Road to Grace: Being a Little Pilgrim's Progress
The Smuggler: A Tale. Volumes I-III
Lilian
Zoraida: A Romance of the Harem and the Great Sahara
The Little Washington's Relatives
Rossetti
Richelieu: A Tale of France, v. 1/3
A Change of Air
The Isle of Wight
The Putnam Hall Rivals; or, Fun and Sport Afloat and Ashore
Gunshot Roentgenograms: A Collection of Roentgenograms Taken in Constantinople During the Turko-Balkan War, 1912-1913, Illustrating Some Gunshot Wounds in the Turkish Army
Julius LeVallon: An Episode
Venoms: Venomous Animals and Antivenomous Serum-therapeutics
Jacobean Furniture and English Styles in Oak and Walnut
The Double Life
Blood and Sand
Flemington
The Rhymer
Fanny Lambert: A Novel
Richard Judkins' Wooing: A Tale of Virginia in the Revolution
Hymns in Human Experience
The Countess of Lowndes Square, and Other Stories
The Red House on Rowan Street
Some Medical Aspects of Old Age: Being the Linacre lecture, 1922, St. John's college, Cambridge
A Sheaf
False Dawn (The 'Forties)
Canada
The Saint of the Speedway
Walker of the Secret Service
The Queen Versus Billy, and Other Stories
The Manhattaners: A Story of the Hour
Last Essays of Maurice Hewlett
Florida trails as seen from Jacksonville to Key West and from November to April inclusive
The Safety First Club fights fire
Out of Russia
The law relating to betting, time-bargains and gaming
What the wind did
Annals of the persecution in Scotland : $b From the Restoration to the Revolution
The great Persian War and its preliminaries : $b A study of the evidence, literary and topographical
Jack Heaton, wireless operator
A primal woman
A Straight Deal; Or, The Ancient Grudge
A Charmed Life
The Make-Believe Man
Last Poems: Translations from the Book of Indian Love
No Defense, Complete
Toward the Gulf
The Man in Gray: A Romance of North and South
The World Decision
The Loudwater Mystery
Bertha Garlan
The Sowers
John Wesley, Jr.: The Story of an Experiment
Skilled Assistance: Ship's Company, Part 9.
A Wanderer in Florence
Odd Man Out: Sailor's Knots, Part 6.
Anne Severn and the Fieldings
Clerambault: The Story of an Independent Spirit During the War
Young Lives
Giorgione
Helen with the High Hand (2nd ed.)
Kitty Trenire
The Littlest Rebel
Sir John Constantine: Memoirs of His Adventures At Home and Abroad and Particularly in the Island of Corsica: Beginning with the Year 1756
The Furnace of Gold
The Mysterious Shin Shira
Songs from Vagabondia
Bronchoscopy and Esophagoscopy: A Manual of Peroral Endoscopy and Laryngeal Surgery
For Love of Country: A Story of Land and Sea in the Days of the Revolution
Black Bruin: The Biography of a Bear
Two Sides of the Face: Midwinter Tales
Miss Pat at School
Patty's Success
Path Flower, and Other Verses
Forest Neighbors: Life Stories of Wild Animals
High Finance
The Origins and Destiny of Imperial Britain: Nineteenth Century Europe
Undertones
Outlines of dairy bacteriology, 10th edition: A concise manual for the use of students in dairying
Sober by Act of Parliament
The Childerbridge Mystery
King Matthias and the Beggar Boy
The Discards
Asa Holmes; or, At the Cross-Roads
A Boy Scout's Courage
The Eye of Istar: A Romance of the Land of No Return
Dead Man's Love
Dickensian Inns & Taverns
Leinster
That Pup
Frey and His Wife
Old Continental Towns
The Cruise of the Make-Believes
Daisy
The Friar's Daughter: A Story of the American Occupation of the Philippines
Arabella Stuart: A Romance from English History
Dolly and Molly and the Farmer Man
Patty's Fortune
Songs for All Seasons, and Other Poems
Harps Hung up in Babylon
The netherworld of Mendip : $b explorations in the great caverns of Somerset, Yorkshire, Derbyshire, and elsewhere
Dave Porter's Return to School; Or, Winning the Medal of Honor
Annie Laurie and Azalea
In Wildest Africa, Vol. 1
Old Fashioned Flowers, and other out-of-door studies
From the Angle of Seventeen
Three Men: A Novel
"Peanut": The Story of a Boy
Suffrage Songs and Verses
A Literary & Historical Atlas of America
White Tail the Deer's Adventures
Johann Sebastian Bach: The Organist and His Works for the Organ
The Impostor: A Tale of Old Annapolis
William Blake
The Wallypug of Why
The book of topiary
Fossil Forests of the Yellowstone National Park
Art principles in literature
The Valley of Democracy
The Divine Lady: A Romance of Nelson and Emma Hamilton
Red and Black
Tea and the effects of tea drinking
Madame Margot: A grotesque legend of old Charleston
The training of teachers in the United States of America
Better babies and their care
Salvage
The King's Highway
To Let
The Story of Sonny Sahib
At Large
Moral
Jane Cable
How to Study and Teaching How to Study
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Volume 3.
Parables of a Province
Carnac's Folly, Complete
The United States of America, Part 1: 1783-1830
Tomaso's Fortune and Other Stories
The History of Education: Educational Practice and Progress Considered as a Phase of the Development and Spread of Western Civilization
Poems
The Fugitive
The Mind in the Making: The Relation of Intelligence to Social Reform
The Wheel O' Fortune
A Night Out
The Life of Marie de Medicis, Queen of France, Consort of Henri IV, and Regent of the Kingdom under Louis XIII — Volume 2
From a Girl's Point of View
The Human Chord
The Shadow of the Cathedral
Captain Rogers: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 7.
The Perfect Tribute
Conception Control and Its Effects on the Individual and the Nation
Noughts and Crosses: Stories, Studies and Sketches
The Quilt that Jack Built; How He Won the Bicycle
Evening Round-Up: More Good Stuff Like Pep
Silverpoints
Priscilla's Spies
Spiritual Reformers in the 16th & 17th Centuries
The Young Oarsmen of Lakeview
A Little Maid of Province Town
A Warwickshire Lad: The Story of the Boyhood of William Shakespeare
The Ethics of Coöperation
Mayflower (Flor de mayo): A Tale of the Valencian Seashore
Folk-lore in Borneo : $b a sketch
The Recipe for Diamonds
Marguerite De Roberval: A Romance of the Days of Jacques Cartier
The Mystery of The Barranca
The Palm Tree Blessing
The Boy Ranchers of Puget Sound
An Eye for an Eye
A Blind Esperantist's Trip to Finland and Sweden, to Attend the Fourteenth International Esperanto Congress
Northern Spain
The Dare Boys with General Greene
The Daughters of the Little Grey House
The Motor Boat Club off Long Island; or, A Daring Marine Game at Racing Speed
Hamewith
Beauchamp; or, The Error.
The Caillaux Drama
Happy Island: A New "Uncle William" Story
Watermelon Pete and Others
In the Firing Line: Stories of the War by Land and Sea
Concerning Genealogies: Being Suggestions of Value for All Interested in Family History
New Zealand
Day by Day with the Russian Army, 1914-15
The Yankee and the Teuton in Wisconsin
The Demagogue and Lady Phayre
Nervous ills, their cause and cure
The Aviator and the Weather Bureau
Running Free
The American Prisoner
How the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Began
The North Devon Coast
Bealby; A Holiday
The Tale of Triona
The man on the other side
Japan and the Pacific, and a Japanese View of the Eastern Question
London as seen by Charles Dana Gibson
Amid the High Hills
Twenty Centuries of Paris
Literary Pilgrimages of a Naturalist
The Warden of the Marches
The History of Philosophy in Islam
Their Child
White Mountain Trails: Tales of the Trails to the Summit of Mount Washington and other Summits of the White Hills
The Clevedon Case
Really so stories
A synopsis of the palms of Puerto Rico
The eternal masculine : $b Stories of men and boys
The lost charm
Stepping stones to manhood : $b A book of inspiration for boys and young men
The victory
The key to Betsy's heart
Dolly Dialogues
The Messengers
Studies and Essays: Censorship and Art
My Three Days in Gilead
Patty's Suitors
Wild Youth, Complete
Fountains in the Sand: Rambles Among the Oases of Tunisia
The Dare Boys of 1776
The Biography of a Grizzly
Fine Feathers: Ship's Company, Part 1.
The Broken Road
The Visits of Elizabeth
The Constable's Move: Captains All, Book 4.
Family Cares: Deep Waters, Part 7.
Susan Clegg and Her Friend Mrs. Lathrop
A Prince of Sinners
The War and the Churches
What the Church Means to Me: A Frank Confession and a Friendly Estimate by an Insider
Canoe Boys and Campfires; Or, Adventures on Winding Waters
Light Freights
Coming Home: 1916
A Child's Primer of Natural History
A Padre in France
Another Sheaf
Right Above Race
The Wolf Patrol: A Tale of Baden-Powell's Boy Scouts
The Moving Finger
A Review of Hoffman's Race Traits and Tendencies of the American Negro: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 1
The Red Rat's Daughter
Discoveries: A Volume of Essays
The Door of Heaven: A Manual for Holy Communion
Toppleton's Client; Or, A Spirit in Exile
Jack and the Check Book
The Twilight of the Souls
The Sherrods
The Welsh Pony, Described in two letters to a friend
Studies in Mediæval Life and Literature
Wyndham's Pal
The Red, White, and Green
The Bible and Life
Fruits of the Hawaiian Islands
How It Feels to Be Fifty
Dartmoor
Abbotsford
The Child in the Midst: A Comparative Study of Child Welfare in Christian and Non-Christian Lands
Inheritance of Characteristics in Domestic Fowl
Spanish America, Its Romance, Reality and Future, Vol. 2 (of 2)
Your Affectionate Godmother
The Castle of Ehrenstein: Its Lords Spiritual and Temporal; Its Inhabitants Earthly and Unearthly
What We Saw at Madame World's Fair: Being a Series of Letters from the Twins at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition to Their Cousins at Home
Cowardice Court
Mistress Nancy Molesworth: A Tale of Adventure
Frank Reade Jr.'s Air Wonder, The "Kite"; Or, A Six Weeks' Flight Over the Andes
The White Sail, and Other Poems
Report on the Dominion Government Expedition to Hudson Bay and the Arctic Islands on board the D.G.S. Neptune, 1903-1904
The Orloff Couple, and Malva
A Sheaf of Bluebells
Rose and Rose
The Purpose of History
Minkie
The Parthenon at Athens, Greece and at Nashville, Tennessee
The Stock Exchange
The Fairy Godmother-in-law
Oregon, the Picturesque: A Book of Rambles in the Oregon Country and in the Wilds of Northern California
Adventures in Thrift
The White Czar: A Story of a Polar Bear
Women, Children, Love, and Marriage
Frank Merriwell's Own Company; Or, Barnstorming in the Middle West
The Arnold Bennett Calendar
Australasia Triumphant!: With the Australians and New Zealanders in the Great War on Land and Sea
A Lecture on Stained Glass
A climber in New Zealand
Dreams and delights
Burning truths from Billy's bat : $b A graphic description of the remarkable conversion of Rev. "Billy" Sunday (the world's famous evangelist)—embodying anecdotes, terse sayings, etc., compiled from various sources
Dogs as home companions : $b A book for all dog lovers
Horses
The new state : $b Group organization the solution of popular government
To-morrow?
The Guns of Bull Run: A Story of the Civil War's Eve
Laperouse
Watersprings
Artemis to Actaeon, and Other Verses
The Lion and the Mouse; a Story of an American Life
The Story of "Mormonism" and The Philosophy of "Mormonism"
Northern Lights, Volume 3.
The Lane That Had No Turning, Volume 4
The History of England - a Study in Political Evolution
The Last Hope
Peter's Pence: Sailor's Knots, Part 8.
The Temptation of Samuel Burge: Captains All, Book 8.
Dirty Work: Deep Waters, Part 11.
The Meaning of Good—A Dialogue
Our Changing Constitution
A Daughter of To-Day
The Twenty-Fourth of June: Midsummer's Day
The White Ladies of Worcester: A Romance of the Twelfth Century
Bruvver Jim's Baby
The House of the Misty Star: A Romance of Youth and Hope and Love in Old Japan
What Timmy Did
The Pleasant Street Partnership: A Neighborhood Story
Mary Louise and Josie O'Gorman
The Eyes of Asia
Uncle Sam's Boys in the Philippines; or, Following the Flag against the Moros
21
Andiron Tales
The Keepers of the Trail: A Story of the Great Woods
Peter and Jane; Or, The Missing Heir
A Man of Two Countries
The Cave Twins
Partners of the Out-Trail
Government Ownership of Railroads, and War Taxation
Jolly Sally Pendleton; Or, the Wife Who Was Not a Wife
The House in the Water: A Book of Animal Stories
With the French in France and Salonika
The Rover Boys in the Land of Luck; Or, Stirring Adventures in the Oil Fields
A History of the English Church in New Zealand
John Marsh's Millions
Philip Massinger
A Crime of the Under-seas
The Gipsy: A Tale (Vols I & II)
If Sinners Entice Thee
Negro Tales
Boucher
Frank Merriwell's Athletes; Or, The Boys Who Won
In Unfamiliar England: A Record of a Seven Thousand Mile Tour by Motor of the Unfrequented Nooks and Corners, and the Shrines of Especial Interest, in England; With Incursions into Scotland and Ireland.
Lincoln in Caricature
The Girls of Friendly Terrace; or, Peggy Raymond's Success
Why I Believe in Poverty as the Richest Experience That Can Come to a Boy
A Corner of Spain
The Boys' Book of Submarines
Among the Trees Again
The Australian Victories in France in 1918
Commodore Paul Jones
The Last of the De Mullins: A Play Without a Preface
The Graves of the Fallen
Frank Reade, Jr., Fighting the Terror of the Coast
Two Little Women and Treasure House
Trolley Folly
Through Unknown Tibet
She Blows! And Sparm at That!
Handbook of German Idioms
Notre Dame de Paris: A Short History & Description of the Cathedral, With Some Account of the Churches Which Preceded It
The Fall of Ulysses: An Elephant Story
The Bee-Master of Warrilow
Egypt and Its Monuments
Leaders of the People: Studies in Democratic History
George Helm
That Marvel—The Movie: A Glance at Its Past, Its Promising Present and Its Significant Future
Lord Alistair's Rebellion
Moon-madness, and other fantasies
On Our Selection
On the Trail of Grant and Lee
The Fashionable Adventures of Joshua Craig: A Novel
The Rover Boys in the Jungle; Or, Stirring Adventures in Africa
The Lane That Had No Turning, Volume 3
Four Years
Catherine Booth — a Sketch
From the Lips of the Sea
Practical Suggestions for Mother and Housewife
The Dramatic Works of Gerhart Hauptmann, Volume II
The Cinema Murder
The Westcotes
Fairy Gold: Ship's Company, Part 4.
For Better or Worse: Ship's Company, Part 10.
The Weaker Vessel: Night Watches, Part 4.
Breaking a Spell: Odd Craft, Part 6.
Admiral Peters: Odd Craft, Part 14.
War-Time Financial Problems
Katrine: A Novel
Ma Pettengill
Joy in the Morning
"Say Fellows—": Fifty Practical Talks with Boys on Life's Big Issues
Nobody's Man
Recreation by Viscount Grey of Fallodon, K.G.
From Isolation to Leadership, Revised: A Review of American Foreign Policy
The Child's Day
Michael McGrath, Postmaster
The Hill: A Romance of Friendship
A Little Maid of Old Maine
Oh! Susannah!: A Farcical Comedy in Three Acts
The Music Master; Novelized from the Play
Little People: An Alphabet
All for a Scrap of Paper: A Romance of the Present War
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911: The New York Idea
The New Tenant
The Fairy Changeling and Other Poems
The Price of the Prairie: A Story of Kansas
The Case and Exceptions: Stories of Counsel and Clients
Bees from British Guiana: Bulletin of the AMNH, Vol. XXXVIII, Art. XX, pp. 685-690
Socialism and the Social Movement in the 19th Century
'Neath the Hoof of the Tartar; Or, The Scourge of God
The Childhood of Rome
The Ghetto: A Drama in Four Acts
The Golden Hope: A Story of the Time of King Alexander the Great
In Pastures New
Titian: a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait of the painter
Little Johannes
The Two Great Republics: Rome and the United States
Brooks's Readers: First Year
Double Harness
Songs of Sea and Sail
Americana Ebrietatis: The Favorite Tipple of our Forefathers and the Laws and Customs Relating Thereto
The Cyr Readers: Book 8: Arranged by grades
The Boys' Life of Lafayette
Far-away Stories
The Chinese Coat
Thomas Campbell
French and English furniture: distinctive styles and periods described and illustrated
A Valiant Ignorance; vol. 3 of 3: A Novel in Three Volumes
Manual of Library Cataloguing
From Zone to Zone: Or, The Wonderful Trip of Frank Reade, Jr., with His Latest Air-Ship
Following the Sun-Flag: A Vain Pursuit Through Manchuria
The Autobiography of an Indian Princess
Five Years Under the Southern Cross: Experiences and Impressions
The Poems of Madison Cawein, Volume 5 (of 5): Poems of meditation and of forest and field
Villars and Its Environs
The Dune Country
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of E. W. Hornung
The Night of Temptation
The Lake Mystery
England and the Orléans Monarchy
Mrs. Ames
Socialism and the family
The Bedbug [1916]
A Woman and the War
Australian Essays
Women
This Then is Upland Pastures: Being some out-door essays dealing with the beautiful things that the spring and summer bring
Eunice and Cricket
Why go to College?
A Guide to Mythology
Gods of Modern Grub Street: Impressions of Contemporary Authors
The Londoners : $b an absurdity
A journal containing an accurate and interesting account of the hardships, sufferings, battles, defeat, and captivity of those heroic Kentucky volunteers and regulars, commanded by General Winchester, in the year 1812-13: Also, two narratives, by men that were wounded in the battles on the River Raisin, and taken captive by the Indians
Look out for paint: A farce comedy in three acts
The "Land & Water" edition of Raemaekers' cartoons, volume 1
Passion fruit
The first French Republic : $b A study of the origin and the contents of the declaration of the rights of man, of the constitution, and of the adoption of the republican form of government in 1792
Between the twilights : $b Being studies of Indian women by one of themselves
Chinese mettle
The sign of the prophet : $b A tale of Tecumseh and Tippecanoe
The Cost
The Roadmender
A Mountain Woman
A Rebellious Heroine
Northern Lights, Volume 2.
Freedom Talks No. II
Auld Licht Idyls
The Price of Things
The Great Secret
Keeping Up Appearances: Sailor's Knots, Part 12.
At Sunwich Port, Part 5.: Contents: Chapters 21-25
The Second Generation
The Understudy: Night Watches, Part 3.
The Three Sisters: Night Watches, Part 6.
The Third String: Odd Craft, Part 12.
Myth and Romance: Being a Book of Verses
The Wings of Icarus: Being the Life of one Emilia Fletcher
Olympian Nights
What the Mother of a Deaf Child Ought to Know
The Silk-Hat Soldier, and Other Poems in War Time
A Little Traitor to the South: A War Time Comedy with a Tragic Interlude
Luna Benamor
Roger Trewinion
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Gloucester [2nd ed.]: A Description of Its Fabric and A Brief History of the Espicopal See
A Dixie School Girl
The Cattle-Baron's Daughter
Cobwebs from a Library Corner
Stephen Arnold Douglas
The Comings of Cousin Ann
An Ode: Read August 15, 1907, at the dedication of the monument erected at Gloucester, Massachusetts, in commemoration of the founding of the Massachusetts Bay colony in the year sixteen hundred and twenty-three
The Missing Tin Box; Or, The Stolen Railroad Bonds
Studies in Spermatogenesis (Part 2 of 2)
Songs of the Army of the Night
The Trail of Conflict
The Treasure of the Isle of Mist
The Dreamers: A Club
The Beautiful White Devil
Delilah of the Snows
Prowling about Panama
Mr. Marx's Secret
Farm Boys and Girls
Aunt 'Liza's Hero, and Other Stories
William Morris: Poet, Craftsman, Socialist
The Chronicles of Count Antonio
The Bomb-Makers: Being Some Curious Records Concerning the Craft and Cunning of Theodore Drost, an Enemy Alien in London, Together with Certain Revelations Regarding His Daughter Ella
Court Beauties of Old Whitehall: Historiettes of the Restoration
The Criminal Imbecile: An Analysis of Three Remarkable Murder Cases
Our Little Japanese Cousin
Things a Boy Should Know About Electricity: Second Edition
A Christmas Gift to the American Home and the Youth of America
English Coast Defences: From Roman Times to the Early Years of the Nineteenth Century
Lausanne
The Hardy Country: Literary landmarks of the Wessex Novels
The Heart of the Ancient Wood
Attila: A Romance. Vol. I.
Encyclopedia of Diet: A Treatise on the Food Question, Vol. 3
Fishpingle: A Romance of the Countryside
Romney
A Treatise on Acupuncturation
German Atrocities: A Record of Shameless Deeds
Sea Plunder
Poems You Ought to Know
Frank Reade, Jr., and his new steam man; or, the young inventor's trip to the far west
A Roadside Harp: A Book of Verses
Bahama Bill, Mate of the Wrecking Sloop Sea-Horse
Patsy
The Saintsbury Affair
Index for Works of Andrew Barton 'Banjo' Paterson: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
Limitations: A Novel
The Manchester and Glasgow Road, Volume 2 (of 2): This Way to Gretna Green
White Lightning
Bob Steele in Strange Waters; or, Aboard a Strange Craft
Pep: The Story of a Brave Dog
Chile and Her People of To-day: An Account of the Customs, Characteristics, Amusements, History and Advancement of the Chileans, and the Development and Resources of Their Country
Frank Merriwell's Marriage; Or, Inza's Happiest Day
The Black-Eyed Puppy
When Titans Drive
His Excellency's English Governess
Secret History of To-day: Being Revelations of a Diplomatic Spy
Cricket
Bookbinding for beginners
To the lights
Oliver October
Bird in hand : $b a play in one act
The Terriford mystery
French without a master : $b A farce in one act
Nobody's fault
Under the Mikado's flag : $b or, Young soldiers of fortune
How to know the wild flowers : $b a guide to the names, haunts, and habits of our common wild flowers
The Slowcoach
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume II, Part 2: 1886-1900
Uncle William: The Man Who Was Shif'less
Plays : Fifth Series
The Prodigal Judge
Captain Macklin: His Memoirs
In the Quarter
Miss Theodosia's Heartstrings
Love at Second Sight
An Enemy to the King: From the Recently Discovered Memoirs of the Sieur de la Tournoire
Dave Darrin's Second Year at Annapolis: Or, Two Midshipmen as Naval Academy "Youngsters"
Patty at Home
Dual Control: Ship's Company, Part 8.
A Christmas Mystery: The Story of Three Wise Men
From out the Vasty Deep
Dialstone Lane, Complete
A Tiger's Skin: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 8.
His Other Self: Night Watches, Part 10.
Back to the Woods: The Story of a Fall from Grace
Missionary Survey As An Aid To Intelligent Co-Operation In Foreign Missions
Nancy MacIntyre: A Tale of the Prairies
The Story of Grenfell of the Labrador: A Boy's Life of Wilfred T. Grenfell
Kitty Canary: A Novel
Great Possessions
Tales of Destiny
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of York: A Description of Its Fabric and A Brief History of the Archi-Episcopal See
Crankisms
Short Cruises
Alcyone
The Old Man's Bag
The Angel of the Tenement
Iole
The Eugenic Marriage, Volume 2 (of 4): A Personal Guide to the New Science of Better Living and Better Babies
The Great K. & A. Robbery
Bolshevism: A Curse & Danger to the Workers
The Motor Pirate
Manures and the principles of manuring
The Great Sioux Trail: A Story of Mountain and Plain
Goat-Feathers
Godfrey Marten, Undergraduate
Five Little Starrs in the Canadian Forest
Victory out of Ruin
Johnstone of the Border
Domesday Book
The Lure of the Pen: A Book for Would-Be Authors
Ludvig Holberg, The Founder of Norwegian Literature and an Oxford Student
Sunday-School Success: A Book of Practical Methods for Sunday-School Teachers and Officers
The Courtship of Morrice Buckler: A Romance
Cape of Storms: A Novel
The Amazing Inheritance
The Soul of Golf
Studies in Wives
Behind the Throne
Birth of a Reformation; Or, The Life and Labors of Daniel S. Warner
Strange Stories of the Great River: The Adventures of a Boy Explorer
The Little Grey House
The Mentor: Two Early German Painters, Dürer and Holbein, Vol. 1, Num. 48, Serial No. 48
War Services of the 62nd West Riding Divisional Artillery
Hafiz in London
"England and Yesterday": A Book of Short Poems
Frank Reade Jr.'s Submarine Boat; or, to the North Pole Under the Ice.
The Holy Land
Enchanted India
Peeps at Many Lands: Siam
The great white way;: a record of an unusual voyage of discovery, and some romantic love affairs amid strange surroundings
The Emigrant
Library Essays; Papers Related to the Work of Public Libraries
An Astronomer's Wife: The Biography of Angeline Hall
The Winding Stair
The Norwich Road: An East Anglian Highway
Maid Marian, and Other Stories
Outland
Frank Merriwell's Strong Arm; Or, Saving an Enemy
Dick Merriwell's Glory; Or, Friends and Foes
Frank Merriwell's Trust; Or, Never Say Die
Frank Merriwell's Setback; Or, True Pluck Welcomes Defeat
The Blue Balloon: A Tale of the Shenandoah Valley
Her Serene Highness: A Novel
How to make pottery
The Workers: An Experiment in Reality. The East
The Kingdom of Promise and Prophecy
Judgments in Vacation
The Chaste Diana
A Sketch of Charles T. Walker, D.D., Pastor of Tabernacle Baptist Church, Augusta, Ga.
The Interloper
An Uncrowned King: A Romance of High Politics
At the Queen's Mercy
The Life, Trial, Confession and Execution of Albert W. Hicks: The Pirate and Murderer, Executed on Bedloe's Island, New York Bay, on the 13th of July, 1860, for the Murder of Capt. Burr, Smith and Oliver Watts, on Board the Oyster Sloop E. A. Johnson. Containing the History of His Life (Written by Himself) from Childhood Up to the Time of His Arrest. With a Full Account of His Piracies, Murders, Mutinies, High-way Robberies, etc., Comprising the Particulars of Nearly One Hundred Murders! to which is added the Account of His Arrest, Imprisonment, Trial and Execution. Also, His Phrenological Character, as described by L. N. Fowler.
Polly in the Southwest
The Stuff of Manhood: Some Needed Notes in American Character
The Young Ice Whalers
Nick Carter Stories No. 145, June 19, 1915: An Unsolved Mystery; Or, Nick Carter's Goverment Case
The flowering plants of Africa: An analytical key to the genera of African phanerograms
The day's journey
Jack Heaton, gold seeker
The Altar Fire
Community Civics and Rural Life
Yollop
Her Weight in Gold
The Seats of the Mighty, Volume 2
Georgina of the Rainbows
Monitress Merle
The Profiteers
The Nest Egg: Captains All, Book 3.
Captains All and Others
Four Famous American Writers: Washington Irving, Edgar Allan Poe, James Russell Lowell, Bayard Taylor: A Book for Young Americans
The Substitute: Deep Waters, Part 9.
On Land and Sea at the Dardanelles
Dialstone Lane, Part 3.
Dialstone Lane, Part 4.
Dialstone Lane, Part 5.
A Mixed Proposal: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 9.
Back to Back: Night Watches, Part 1.
Economics Volume II: Modern Economic Problems
Running Water
A Kindergarten Story Book
Copper Streak Trail
Corporal Sam and Other Stories
Fishing with a Worm
The Damsel and the Sage: A Woman's Whimsies
Sea-dogs all! : $b a tale of forest and sea
The Comedienne
Chapters in Rural Progress
Hushed Up! A Mystery of London
Cutting It Out: How to get on the waterwagon and stay there
The Return of the Prodigal
The Intriguers
Mosada: A dramatic poem
The will to doubt : $b An essay in philosophy for the general thinker
Stained Glass Tours in France
The Story of Bacon's Rebellion
The Ballad of the Quest
The Chalice Of Courage: A Romance of Colorado
Green Stockings: A Comedy in Three Acts
Kit Musgrave's Luck
The Wiles of the Wicked
The Way to Win
In Search of a Siberian Klondike
One Man's View
How to Make Electrical Machines: Containing Full Directions for Making Electrical Machines, Induction Coils, Dynamos, and Many Novel Toys to Be Worked by Electricity
Two in a Zoo
The Robber, A Tale.
Reynolds
The Manager of the B. & A.: A Novel
On the Existence of Active Oxygen: Thesis Presented for the Attainment of the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy at the Johns Hopkins University
St. Paul the Hero
The open sea
The House of Armour
Happy Ending: The Collected Lyrics of Louise Imogen Guiney
Simplex Munditiis, Gentlemen
D'Orsay; or, The complete dandy
The Boy Aeronauts' Club; or, Flying for Fun
A Reaping
The Good Hope: (In "The Drama: A Quarterly Review of Dramatic Literature")
The Tale of the Spinning Wheel
The Untempered Wind
The Cadets of Flemming Hall
Butchers', Packers' and Sausage Makers' Red Book
Disenchantment
Wild Kindred
The Unforgiving Offender
The Face of the Earth as Seen from the Air: A Study in the Application of Airplane Photography to Geography
Frank Merriwell on the Road; Or, The All-Star Combination
The Husband's Story: A Novel
The Art of Home Furnishing and Decoration
Forty Years of It
Traditions of the Arikara
The fortunes of Fifi
Princess Sukey: The story of a pigeon and her human friends
The gold rock of the Chippewa
Blair of Balaclava : $b A hero of the Light Brigade
Frank Merriwell's brother : $b Or, The greatest triumph of all
The Nature Faker
The Day's Work - Part 1
The Judgment House
The Gates of Chance
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Volume 4.
Our Friend John Burroughs
The Passing of New France : a Chronicle of Montcalm
The Pawns Count
The Avenger
At Sunwich Port, Part 2.: Contents: Chapters 6-10
In Morocco
Bob's Redemption: Captains All, Book 5.
Bedridden and the Winter Offensive: Deep Waters, Part 8.
Stepping Backwards: Night Watches, Part 5.
Mr. Scraggs
Castles in the Air
The Torch and Other Tales
The Texan Star: The Story of a Great Fight for Liberty
The Husbands of Edith
The Beautiful Eyes of Ysidria
The Sun of Quebec: A Story of a Great Crisis
At Home with the Jardines
Skiddoo!
Ade's Fables
A Master Of Craft
Susan Clegg and a Man in the House
Dave Darrin After the Mine Layers; Or, Hitting the Enemy a Hard Naval Blow
The Spirit of Lafayette
Comedies of Courtship
Tommy
The Stretton Street Affair
Possession: A Peep-Show in Paradise
The Man Who Wins
Raeburn
The Pony Rider Boys in Alaska; Or, The Gold Diggers of Taku Pass
Twenty-Five Years in the Black Belt
The Daughter of a Republican
Days and Dreams: Poems
Six Thousand Country Churches
Concerning Belinda
Notes on Philippine Birds Collected by Governor W. Cameron Forbes: Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoölogy at Harvard College, Vol. LXV. No. 4.
Donald McElroy, Scotch Irishman
Across the Stream
Frank Merriwell's New Comedian; Or, The Rise of a Star
The Place of Dragons: A Mystery
James Geikie, the Man and the Geologist
The Airship Boys' Ocean Flyer; Or, New York to London in Twelve Hours
Lords and Lovers, and Other Dramas
The Mountain School-Teacher
The Heart of Penelope
The Exeter Road: the story of the west of England highway
Miss Esperance and Mr Wycherly
Daniel Boone, Backwoodsman
Owen Clancy's Run of Luck; or, The Motor Wizard in the Garage
Old Crosses and Lychgates
When We Were Strolling Players in the East
Her Sailor: A Love Story
Verdun to the Vosges: Impressions of the War on the Fortress Frontier of France
Robin Linnet
To London Town
The Seven Conundrums
Tracked by Wireless
Returned Empty
The Message and Mission of Quakerism
The Science of Brickmaking
Britain's Deadly Peril: Are We Told the Truth?
The Training of Wild Animals
The Ball of Fire
Street Trees
Early Printed Books
George Borrow, the Man and His Work
Woman in Political Evolution
The Mystery of Cleverly: A Story for Boys
Josie O'Gorman and the Meddlesome Major
The Annes
Like Another Helen
The island of the stairs
Over the border
King Arthur in history and legend
The Highland bagpipe : $b its history, literature, and music: with some account of the traditions, superstitions, and anecdotes relating to the instrument and its tunes
The life savers of Cape Cod
The diagnostics and treatment of tropical diseases
An experiment in gyro-hats
On the wings of fate
Pioneer boys of the gold fields : $b or, The nugget hunters of '49
The Wonder Island boys : $b capture and pursuit
Noel's Christmas tree
The Todas
The whirlwind
The war maker : $b Being the true story of Captain George B. Boynton
Five Thousand an Hour: How Johnny Gamble Won the Heiress
The Point of View
Green Fancy
When Valmond Came to Pontiac: The Story of a Lost Napoleon. Volume 1.
The Pomp of the Lavilettes, Complete
The Wagner Story Book: Firelight Tales of the Great Music Dramas
The Acadian Exiles : a Chronicle of the Land of Evangeline
The Father of British Canada: a Chronicle of Carleton
Deserted: Sailor's Knots, Part 1.
Prize Money: Sailor's Knots, Part 10.
Sam's Ghost: Deep Waters, Part 4.
The Story of a Piece of Coal: What It Is, Whence It Comes, and Whither It Goes
Ensign Knightley, and Other Stories
Proportional Representation Applied to Party Government: A New Electoral System
Readings in the History of Education: Mediaeval Universities
Bought and Paid For; From the Play of George Broadhurst
Green Bays.  Verses and Parodies
Mr. Bamboo and the Honorable Little God: A Christmas Story
The Western United States: A Geographical Reader
The Church and the Barbarians: Being an Outline of the History of the Church from A.D. 461 to A.D. 1003
The Last of the Chiefs: A Story of the Great Sioux War
The Rapids
Patty's Social Season
More Trivia
The Rubaiyat of Omar Cayenne
How Two Boys Made Their Own Electrical Apparatus: Containing Complete Directions for Making All Kinds of Simple Apparatus for the Study of Elementary Electricity
Legends of Vancouver
The Son of His Mother
The Count's Chauffeur
With Ethan Allen at Ticonderoga
The Evidence in the Case: A Discussion of the Moral Responsibility for the War of 1914, as Disclosed by the Diplomatic Records of England, Germany, Russia
The Pentecost of Calamity
The Christian Use of the Psalter
The New Gulliver, and Other Stories
The Bread Line: A Story of a Paper
Songs and Satires
Studies in Zechariah
George Morland: Sixteen examples in colour of the artist's work
A Foreword to the Panama-Pacific International Exposition
Songs of Womanhood
Henry of Guise; or, The States of Blois (Vol. 1 of 3)
An Open Letter to the Right Honorable David Lloyd George: Prime Minister of Great Britain
As We Forgive Them
The Sign of the Stranger
The Price of Power: Being Chapters from the Secret History of the Imperial Court of Russia
Mari, Our Little Norwegian Cousin
True Tales of Mountain Adventures: For Non-Climbers Young and Old
Richelieu: A Tale of France, v. 3/3
Up and Down
The Diary of a Turk
The Mystery of the Sycamore
Aaron Rodd, Diviner
The Vicissitudes of Evangeline
The Strange Schemes of Randolph Mason
The Grip of Honor: A Story of Paul Jones and the American Revolution
A Girl of Virginia
The Pearl Fishers
Thrills of a Bell Boy
A London Plane-Tree, and Other Verse
Seeing the West: Suggestions for the Westbound Traveller
Index for Works of Arthur Colton: Hyperlinks to all Chapters in the Individual Ebooks
Modern French Masters
The Kentish Coast
Girl Scouts in Arizona and New Mexico
Mary Louise Stands the Test
A Day with Ludwig Beethoven
Pegeen
The Court of the King, and Other Studies
Paul Jones
Humorists of the Pencil: Phil May
The Reign of Gilt
Captures
The Etchings of Charles Meryon
"Horse Sense" in Verses Tense
The Prize
Lyrics & Legends of Christmas-Tide
Norma: A Flower Scout
Kadjaman
The Wreck of the Mail Steamer
The Lanchester tradition
The nightless city; or, The "history of the Yoshiwara Yūkwaku"
The education of Uncle Paul
The snow man : $b A metrical play in one act
Her country
Practical pathology
The fort in the wilderness : $b or, The soldier boys of the Indian trails
Idylls of the Skillet Fork
Social Civics
The girl from nowhere
The gospel of freedom
Vera, the Medium
Daphne: An Autumn Pastoral
Studies and Essays: Quality, and Others
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume I, Part 1: 1835-1866
The Prospector: A Tale of the Crow's Nest Pass
Honore de Balzac, His Life and Writings
The End of Her Honeymoon
An Amiable Charlatan
Love's Shadow
The Double Traitor
Angels and Ministers, and Other Victorian Plays
Sight to the Blind
Keeping Watch: Night Watches, Part 2.
The Constitutional Development of Japan 1853-1881: Johns Hopkins University Studies in Historical and Political Science, Ninth Series
The Grammar School Boys in Summer Athletics
Wagner
Conditions in Utah: Speech of Hon. Thomas Kearns of Utah, in the Senate of the United States
Cinderella, and Other Stories
The Double Life Of Mr. Alfred Burton
The Thin Santa Claus: The Chicken Yard That Was a Christmas Stocking
By the Roadside
'Me and Nobbles'
Janet of the Dunes
The Roll-Call Of The Reef
Gudrid the Fair: A Tale of the Discovery of America
Bilingualism: Address delivered before the Quebec Canadian Club: At Quebec, Tuesday, March 28th, 1916
The Kirk on Rutgers Farm
Paul the Courageous
Captain Richard Ingle: The Maryland "Pirate and Rebel," 1642-1653
Prof. Koch's Method to Cure Tuberculosis Popularly Treated
Track's End: Being the Narrative of Judson Pitcher's Strange Winter Spent There as Told by Himself and Edited by Hayden Carruth Including an Accurate Account of His Numerous Adventures, and the Facts Concerning His Several Surprising Escapes from Death Now First Printed in Full
Dave Porter and His Double; Or, The Disapperarance of the Basswood Fortune
The Spectacle Man: A Story of the Missing Bridge
Guy in the Jungle; Or, A Boy's Adventure in the Wilds of Africa
The Great Discovery
Christopher Quarles: College Professor and Master Detective
Beautiful Gardens in America
The Great White Army
Voices; Birth-Marks; The Man and the Elephant
The Coming of the King
The Tigress
The Outrage
The Wonderful Story of Washington: and the Meaning of His Life for the Youth and Patriotism of America
The Decadent: Being the Gospel of Inaction: Wherein Are Set Forth in Romance Form Certain Reflections Touching the Curious Characteristics of These Ultimate Years, and the Divers Causes Thereof
The Mystery of the Clasped Hands: A Novel
A Boy Crusoe; or, The Golden Treasure of the Virgin Islands
The Staying Guest
The Relentless City
The Judgment Books: A Story
The Red Widow; or, The Death-Dealers of London
Life in a German Crack Regiment
A Canadian Farm Mystery; Or, Pam the Pioneer
The Mentor: Famous American Sculptors, Vol. 1, Num. 36, Serial No. 36
Ignaz Jan Paderewski
The First regiment Massachusetts heavy artillery, United States volunteers, in the Spanish-American war of 1898
The Standard Bearer
In the Clouds for Uncle Sam; or, Morey Marshall of the Signal Corps
The New England Country
The Trial of Aaron Burr
The City of Pleasure: A Fantasia on Modern Themes
The Crimson Azaleas: A Novel
The Unspeakable Scot
A Tour Through South America
The thread of life
The Common Lot
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Thomas Dixon
Remarks of the President in Presenting to Madam Curie a Gift of Radium from the American People
Tales of a Vanishing River
The Little Green Goblin
The Pirate Frog, and Other Tales
The Secret of Toni
The congressman's wife, a story of American politics
In the grip of the Hawk: A story of the Maori wars
The lively adventures of Gavin Hamilton
Sunshine and snow
Have you an educated heart?
"A Cathcart or a Riggs?"
The master criminal
Episodes in Van Bibber's Life
Kilo : being the love story of Eliph' Hewlitt, book agent
Disturbances of the Heart: Discussion of the Treatment of the Heart in Its Various Disorders, With a Chapter on Blood Pressure
Palaces and Courts of the Exposition: A Handbook of the Architecture, Sculpture and Mural Paintings, with Special Reference to the Symbolism
The Fool Errant: Being the Memoirs of Francis-Anthony Strelley, Esq., Citizen of Lucca
Michel and Angele [A Ladder of Swords] — Complete
Dick Prescott's First Year at West Point; Or, Two Chums in the Cadet Gray
Quotes and Images From the Works of John Galsworthy
The Raid from Beausejour; and How the Carter Boys Lifted the Mortgage: Two Stories of Acadie
The Warriors
Peaceless Europe
Three Young Knights
Vanishing Roads and Other Essays
Father Payne
The Young Engineers in Colorado; Or, At Railroad Building in Earnest
Out with Gun and Camera; or, The Boy Hunters in the Mountains
Children of the Wild
Letters to His Friends
The Choice of Life
The Folly Of Eustace: 1896
Brandon of the Engineers
The Rover Boys on the Plains; Or, The Mystery of Red Rock Ranch
Paul Jones
War Taxation: Some Comments and Letters
The Bondwoman
The Fathers of Confederation: A Chronicle of the Birth of the Dominion
Bye-Ways
The Reclaimers
The Man Who Rose Again
The Early History of the Colonial Post-Office
Love and hatred
Charlie Newcomer
The Demands of Rome: Her Own Story of Thirty-One Years as a Sister of Charity in the Order of the Sisters of Charity of Providence of the Roman Catholic Church
The Red Cross Barge
In a Mysterious Way
Peter Binney: A Novel
The Worn Doorstep
Peeps at Many Lands: Ireland
The Pony Rider Boys in Louisiana; or, Following the Game Trails in the Canebrake
Peggy Raymond's Way; Or, Blossom Time at Friendly Terrace
The Affable Stranger
The Daft Days
Geneva: Painted by J. Hardwicke Lewis & May Hardwicke Lewis.; Described by Francis Gribble.
The Man of Last Resort; Or, The Clients of Randolph Mason
A Little Maid in Toyland
The High Toby: Being further chapters in the life and fortunes of Dick Ryder, otherwise Galloping Dick, sometime gentleman of the road
The Transient Lake; or, Frank Reade, Jr.'s Adventures in a Mysterious Country
The Outcasts, and Other Stories
Cupid's Cyclopedia
Eight Girls and a Dog
Cordova: A city of the Moors
Frank Merriwell's Diamond Foes; Or, Straight Over the Plate
Josie O'Gorman
Boys of the Old Sea Bed: Tales of Nature and Adventure
The Art of Natural Sleep: With definite directions for the wholesome cure of sleeplessness: illustrated by cases treated in Northampton and elsewhere
Araminta and the Automobile
Dick Merriwell's Heroic Players; Or, How the Yale Nine Won the Championship
The Pneumatic Despatch Tube System of the Batcheller Pneumatic Tube Co.: Also, Facts and General Information Relating to Pneumatic Despatch Tubes
Dick Merriwell's Aëro Dash; Or, Winning Above the Clouds
The Boy and the Baron
Why We Love Music
A second reader
Peggy in Toyland
Lost on the Orinoco; or, American boys in Venezuela
The golden west boys, "Injun" and "Whitey": a story of adventure
Via Berlin
The club of masks
Haeckel : $b his life and work
The glamour of prospecting : $b wanderings of a South African prospector in search of copper, gold, emeralds, and diamonds
Ikom folk stories from Southern Nigeria
A journey in search of Christmas
"Old Harmless"
The dissolution of the monasteries : $b As illustrated by the suppression of the religious houses of Staffordshire
A Mountain Europa
How Members of Congress Are Bribed
Plays : First Series
Plays : Third Series
Six Short Plays
The Pony Rider Boys in the Ozarks; Or, The Secret of Ruby Mountain
The Trail of the Sword, Complete
Michel and Angele [A Ladder of Swords] — Volume 1
The Rover Boys on the Great Lakes; Or, The Secret of the Island Cave
The Whistling Mother
In Those Days: The Story of an Old Man
By Water to the Columbian Exposition
Northern Trails, Book I.
The Soul of Democracy: The Philosophy of the World War in Relation to Human Liberty
The Romance of Zion Chapel [3d ed.]
Over There: War Scenes on the Western Front
The Silent Isle
The Brown Study
The Lords of the Wild: A Story of the Old New York Border
Government and Administration of the United States
The Unknown: Night Watches, Part 7.
The Changing Numbers: Odd Craft, Part 8.
Dick Prescott's Third Year at West Point; Or, Standing Firm for Flag and Honor
Symphonies and Their Meaning; Third Series, Modern Symphonies
The Laird's Luck and Other Fireside Tales
Study of Child Life
The Influence of Old Norse Literature on English Literature
Hugo: A Fantasia on Modern Themes
A Court of Inquiry
The Tory Maid
The Village Wife's Lament
The Children: Some Educational Problems
Sea urchins
Mary Rose of Mifflin
A Little Maid of Old Philadelphia
Other People's Business: The Romantic Career of the Practical Miss Dale
On the Edge of the Arctic; Or, An Aeroplane in Snowland
The Rocket Book
The Young Farmer: Some Things He Should Know
Stingaree
A Little Maid of Ticonderoga
Making a Lawn
Birdseye Views of Far Lands
The Carroll Girls
Benign Stupors: A Study of a New Manic-Depressive Reaction Type
The Flamp, The Ameliorator, and The Schoolboy's Apprentice
George Borrow: Times Literary Supplement, 10th July 1903
Better than Play
Shapes and Shadows
Over the Plum Pudding
Stories of Old Kentucky
Beaumaroy Home from the Wars
Baraboo, Dells, and Devil's Lake Region
Whoso Findeth a Wife
Washer the Raccoon
A Century of Christian Service: Kensington Congregational Church, 1793-1893
The Dare Boys in Virginia
The Immigrant Tide, Its Ebb and Flow
Outspinning the Spider: The Story of Wire and Wire Rope
The Pony Rider Boys on the Blue Ridge; or, A Lucky Find in the Carolina Mountains
Spinster of This Parish
Our Eternity
Jaunty Jock, and Other Stories
Simeon Tetlow's Shadow
The Emily Emmins Papers
This Misery of Boots
War the Creator
Yankee Boys in Japan; Or, The Young Merchants of Yokohama
Lincoln's Plan of Reconstruction
Rock-climbing in the English Lake District: Third Edition
The Great Valley
Battles of Destiny
My Queen: A Weekly Journal for Young Women. Issue 3, October 13, 1900: Marion Marlowe's True Heart; or, How a Daughter Forgave
Cycle Rides Round London
American renaissance; a review of domestic architecture
The Courtship of Animals
With Axe and Rope in the New Zealand Alps
Frank Merriwell, Jr., in Arizona; or, Clearing a Rival's Record
Frank Merriwell in Maine; Or, The Lure of 'Way Down East
Frank Merriwell's Support; Or, A Triple Play
Peace with Honour
Forest Trees and Forest Scenery
Carson of Red River
"Bobbie", a Story of the Confederacy
Progressive Chile
Sketches in Egypt
At the fall of Montreal; or, A soldier boy's final victory
Nazareth: a morality in one act
"No. 101"
Arthur : $b A tragedy
The mother's recompense
Christine of the hills
The daughter of the dawn : $b A realistic story of Maori magic
The Log of the "Jolly Polly"
The Unknown Guest
Studies and Essays: The Inn of Tranquility, and Others
The Scotch Twins
Love, the Fiddler
If I Were King
The Professional Aunt
Literary Love-Letters and Other Stories
The Mischief-Maker
The Masters of the Peaks: A Story of the Great North Woods
The Pony Rider Boys with the Texas Rangers; Or, On the Trail of the Border Bandits
The Copyright Question: A Letter to the Toronto Board of Trade
Writing the Photoplay
A Napa Christchild; and Benicia's Letters
The Coming of the King
The Masques of Ottawa
The Wonder Island Boys: Conquest of the Savages
The Long Run: 1916
An Anarchist Woman
Solander's Radio Tomb
The Doers
Mixed Faces
Clark's Field
How to See a Play
The Battleship Boys' First Step Upward; Or, Winning Their Grades as Petty Officers
A Republic Without a President, and Other Stories
Dr. Adriaan
Throckmorton: A Novel
A Prairie Courtship
The Lucky Piece: A Tale of the North Woods
The Letters of Her Mother to Elizabeth
The Lonely Stronghold
The Inevitable
Wanderings of French Ed
Our Little French Cousin
The Seashore Book: Bob and Betty's Summer with Captain Hawes
Vasco, Our Little Panama Cousin
Ticonderoga: A Story of Early Frontier Life in the Mohawk Valley
The Convict: A Tale
The Princess Pourquoi
Songs at the Start
Armenia, Travels and Studies (Volume 2 of 2): The Turkish Provinces
Ambrose Lavendale, Diplomat
World Stories Retold for Modern Boys and Girls: One Hundred and Eighty-seven Five-minute Classic Stories for Retelling in Home, Sunday School, Children's Services, Public School Grades and "The Story-hour" in Public Libraries
Evening Tales
Prince Rupert, the Buccaneer
History of the Second Massachusetts Battery (Nims' Battery) of Light Artillery, 1861-1865
Wessex
Beryl of the Biplane: Being the Romance of an Air-Woman of To-Day
Sketches in Duneland
The Disadvantages and Opportunities of the Colored Youth
A Day with a Tramp, and Other Days
His Great Adventure
The Tenants: An Episode of the '80s
Ralph Osborn, Midshipman at Annapolis: A Story of Life at the U.S. Naval Academy
How to Teach Reading in the Public Schools
The Burston School Strike
The Tyranny of Shams
One thousand dollars a day. Studies in practical economics
The Seven Plaits of Nettles, and other stories
The Rejuvenation of Miss Semaphore: A Farcical Novel
A Secret Service: Being Strange Tales of a Nihilist
Despotism and Democracy: A Study in Washington Society and Politics
The Rover Boys on Sunset Trail; or, The old miner's mysterious message
Children of destiny
Three gringos in Venezuela and Central America
On to Pekin; or, Old Glory in China
Women as army surgeons : $b Being the history of the Women's Hospital Corps in Paris, Wimereux and Endell Street, September 1914-October 1919
The farmer's bride
A bunch of rope yarns
Wanderings in London, Piccadilly, Mayfair, and Pall Mall
Children of men
The strange story of the Dunmow flitch
The French Twins
The Day of the Dog
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 1
On the Trail of Pontiac; Or, The Pioneer Boys of the Ohio
The Air Ship Boys : Or, the Quest of the Aztec Treasure
Virgilia; or, Out of the Lion's Mouth
Mormon Settlement in Arizona: A Record of Peaceful Conquest of the Desert
Little Journey to Puerto Rico: For Intermediate and Upper Grades
The Bequest: Ship's Company, Part 6.
The Reflections of Ambrosine: A Novel
Elizabeth Visits America
A Handbook to Agra and the Taj, Sikandra, Fatehpur-Sikri and the Neighbourhood
The Lady and Sada San: A Sequel to the Lady of the Decoration
Dave Darrin at Vera Cruz: Fighting with the U.S. Navy in Mexico
Superseded
The War Chief of the Ottawas : A chronicle of the Pontiac war
An American Robinson Crusoe for American Boys and Girls
The Gray Nun
Swept Out to Sea; Or, Clint Webb Among the Whalers
The Mystery of the Green Ray
The Treason and Death of Benedict Arnold: A Play for a Greek Theatre
Stories of W.W. Jacobs: An Index to All Volumes and Stories
Checkers: A Hard-luck Story
Banking
One Day & Another: A Lyrical Eclogue
To Win the Love He Sought: The Great Awakening: Volume 3
The Cup of Comus: Fact and Fancy
From Pillar to Post: Leaves from a Lecturer's Note-Book
The League of the Leopard
Our National Defense: The Patriotism of Peace
The Lady in the Car
Against the Current: Simple Chapters from a Complex Life
The Room with the Tassels
The Second Dandy Chater
The Moon Colony
Social Work; Essays on the Meeting Ground of Doctor and Social Worker
Bibliographic Notes on One Hundred Books Famous in English Literature
The Story of a Loaf of Bread
Karma: A Re-incarnation Play: In Prologue, Epilogue & Three Acts
With Mask and Mitt
Marjorie in Command
New York Nocturnes, and Other Poems
An Autumn Sowing
The Trossachs
Like Another Helen
From Paddington to Penzance: The record of a summer tramp from London to the Land's End
The Stock Exchange from Within
By the Good Sainte Anne: A Story of Modern Quebec
The White Chief of the Ottawa
The Soul of Ann Rutledge: Abraham Lincoln's Romance
The Snow Baby: A true story with true pictures
Life of Charles T. Walker, D.D.: ("The Black Spurgeon") Pastor Mt. Olivet Baptist Church, New York City
Practical Farm Buildings: Plans and Suggestions
Ploughshare and Pruning-Hook: Ten Lectures on Social Subjects
South Sea Yarns
Corporal Jacques of the Foreign Legion
My Home in the Alps
Janet: A Stock-Farm Scout
The Master Rogue: The Confessions of a Croesus
Twenty Talks to Teachers
The Slaves of Society: A Comedy in Covers
The Story of a Lover
Your vote and how to use it
A new note in the Christmas Carol
Men of Marlowe's
The collector's whatnot : $b a compendium, manual, and syllabus of information and advice on all subjects appertaining to the collection of antiques, both ancient and not so ancient
The Crimson Banner : $b A story of college baseball
Oranges and lemons
Webster's Seventh of March Speech and the Secession Movement, 1850
Plays : Second Series
The Pony Rider Boys in the Rockies; Or, The Secret of the Lost Claim
A Romany of the Snows, vol. 3: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
Embers, Volume 2.
Quotations from the PG Collected Works of Gilbert Parker
The Doctor's Daughter
The Bride of Dreams
The Box with Broken Seals
Lister's Great Adventure
Matrimonial Openings: Sailor's Knots, Part 5.
At Sunwich Port, Part 3.: Contents: Chapters 11-15
Captains All: Captains All, Part 1.
History of Liberia: Johns Hopkins University Studies in Historical and Political Science
Husbandry: Deep Waters, Part 6.
True Tilda
Five Nights: A Novel
Alton of Somasco: A Romance of the Great Northwest
Marjorie's Maytime
The Isles of Sunset
The Boy Scout
A Hero and Some Other Folks
Frank Merriwell, Junior's, Golden Trail; Or, The Fugitive Professor
The Case of Edith Cavell: A Study of the Rights of Non-Combatants
Johnny Crow's Party
Possessed
The story of the first trans-continental railroad : $b its projectors, construction, and history
The Dew of Their Youth
The Golfer's Rubaiyat
Captain Desmond, V.C.
Dave Porter At Bear Camp; Or, The Wild Man of Mirror Lake
Dorothy Page
For the Allinson Honor
Miranda of the Balcony: A Story
The Truants
The Last Lion, and Other Tales
Mademoiselle Blanche: A Novel
The Imitator: A Novel
The Greatest English Classic: A Study of the King James Version of the Bible and Its Influence on Life and Literature
Neither Dorking nor the Abbey
The Wonderful Story of Lincoln: And the Meaning of His Life for the Youth and Patriotism of America
At the Relton Arms
The Broken Thread
Introducing the American Spirit
Short Studies in Ethics: An Elementary Text-Book for Schools
Oxford
The Horse's Mouth, Showing the age by the teeth
The New York Obelisk: Cleopatra's Needle: With a Preliminary Sketch of the History, Erection, Uses, and Signification of Obelisks
An Outline of the Phonology and Morphology of Old Provençal
The Valuation of Public Service Corporation Property: Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers,; vol. LXXII, June, 1911, ASCE 1190
The Fate: A Tale of Stirring Times
Two Women or One? From the Mss. of Dr. Leonard Benary
Mademoiselle Miss, and Other Stories
Azalea's Silver Web
The Newspaper
Revolted Woman: Past, present, and to come
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Henry Seton Merriman
Inter-Ocean Hunting Tales
The House of Helen
The Five Nations, Volume II
Silas X. Floyd's Short Stories for Colored People Both Old and Young: Entertaining, Uplifting, Interesting
The House of Quiet: An Autobiography
Knock at a Venture
Frank Merriwell, Jr.'s, Helping Hand; Or, Fair Play and No Favors
Links With the Past in the Plant World
Evolution and Adaptation
The Loot of Cities: Being the Adventures of a Millionaire in Search of Joy (a Fantasia); and Other Stories
Bethlehem: A Nativity Play
Little Dinners With the Sphinx, and Other Prose Fancies
Brief for the higher education of the negro
Which Shall Live—Men or Animals?
The Art of Story-Telling, with nearly half a hundred stories
The Conscript Mother
Determination of the Atomic Weight of Cadmium and the Preparation of Certain of Its Sub-Compounds
Barrier beaches of the Atlantic coast
The sporting chance
The ward of Tecumseh
Bobby and Betty with the workers
A forgotten Prince of Wales
The sacred dance : $b A study in comparative folklore
All that happened in a week : $b A story for little children
A book of martyrs
Escape, and Other Essays
Ranson's Folly
The Seats of the Mighty, Volume 4
The World for Sale, Volume 1.
The Church and the Empire: Being an Outline of the History of the Church from A.D. 1003 to A.D. 1304
Mary Slessor of Calabar: Pioneer Missionary
His Hour
Mr. Waddington of Wyck
The Faith of the Millions (2nd series)
A Man and His Money
Made to Measure: Deep Waters, Part 3.
Dixon's Return: Odd Craft, Part 10.
Phebe, Her Profession: A Sequel to Teddy: Her Book
Creative Impulse in Industry: A Proposition for Educators
Mr. Trunnell, Mate of the Ship "Pirate"
Prose Fancies (Second Series)
I Saw Three Ships and Other Winter Tales
My Friend Prospero
A Village Ophelia, and Other Stories
Her own way : $b A play in four acts
The Rover Boys on Land and Sea: The Crusoes of Seven Islands
Hetty Wesley
The gold-stealers : $b A story of Waddy
Money Island
Frank Merriwell's Reward
New Ideals in Rural Schools
Milton
The Adventurous Seven: Their Hazardous Undertaking
The Ffolliots of Redmarley
The Privet Hedge
The Thread of Gold
Sleep Walking and Moon Walking: A Medico-Literary Study
The House of Fulfilment
The Bartlett Mystery
Seven Poems and a Fragment
A Modern Wizard
The Master of the Inn
The Mistress of Bonaventure
It Was the Road to Jericho
The Man Who Was Good
The Smuggler's Cave
A Sheaf of Roses
The Trade Signs of Essex: A popular account of the origin and meanings of the public houses & other signs
Index to Library Reports
Frank Reade, Jr., and His Electric Ice Ship; or, Driven Adrift in the Frozen Sky.
Frank Reade Jr. and His Engine of the Clouds: Or, Chased Around the World in the Sky
Madame Gilbert's Cannibal
My Adventure in the Flying Scotsman; A Romance of London and North-Western Railway Shares
The Deep Sea's Toll
The Abounding American
Bumper the White Rabbit in the Woods
The Human Interest: A Study in Incompatibilities
Mexico and Her People of To-day: An Account of the Customs, Characteristics, Amusements, History and Advancement of the Mexicans, and the Development and Resources of Their Country
Nicolette: a tale of old Provence
Quarterdeck and Fok'sle: Stories of the Sea
Letters of Marque
Frank Merriwell's Chase; Or, Exciting Times Afloat
The Advanced-Guard
A Point of Testimony
Nick Carter Stories No. 140, May 15, 1915: The Melting-Pot
In a Canadian Canoe; The Nine Muses Minus One, and Other Stories
Nick Carter Stories No. 146, June 26, 1915: Paying the Price; or, Nick Carter's Perilous Venture
The Two Great Canyons: Excerpts From Letters Written on a Western Journey
You no longer count (Tu n'es plus rien!)
Dramatics in the home
My three years in Manipur : $b and escape from the recent mutiny
Plants and their children
White Sox, the story of the reindeer in Alaska
The Gold Bag
The Last Stetson
The World for Sale, Volume 3.
Richard Dare's Venture; Or, Striking Out for Himself
Princess Maritza
Pelle the Conqueror — Volume 01
The Brown Mask
Peter's Mother
Good Intentions: Ship's Company, Part 3.
Sentence Deferred: Sailor's Knots, Part 4.
Four Pigeons: Captains All, Book 7.
The White Cat: Captains All, Book 10.
The Convert: Deep Waters, Part 5.
Striking Hard: Deep Waters, Part 10.
Father Stafford
Red Pepper's Patients: With an Account of Anne Linton's Case in Particular
The Going of the White Swan
The Auld Doctor and other Poems and Songs in Scots
Henrik Ibsen: A Bibliography of Criticism and Biography with an Index to Characters
The Ruinous Face
A Queen's Error
Chasing an Iron Horse; Or, A Boy's Adventures in the Civil War
Judith Lynn: A Story of the Sea
The Faith Healer: A Play in Three Acts
The Come Back
The Co-Citizens
Dixmude: The epic of the French marines (October 17-November 10, 1914)
With God in the World: A Series of Papers
The Inner Beauty
Eugenics as a Factor in the Prevention of Mental Disease
Final Proof; Or, The Value of Evidence
The Life of Saint Monica
Pope Pius the Tenth
Bluebeard
Text books of art education, v. 2 of 7. Book II, Second Year
Songs Ysame
The Revolt: A Play In One Act
The Idol of the Blind: A Novel
Lincoln's Love Story
Sir Wilfrid Laurier
The Gun Club Boys of Lakeport; Or, The Island Camp
The Light that Lies
Shakespeare's Christmas, and other stories
The Stolen Aeroplane; or, How Bud Wilson Made Good
Satan: A Romance of the Bahamas
The Aeroplane Express; or, The Boy Aeronaut's Grit
In the Line
Patty's Pleasure Trip
The King of the Park
My Queen: A Weekly Journal for Young Women. Issue 5, October 27, 1900: Marion Marlowe Entrapped; or, The Victim of Professional Jealousy
The Church, the Falling Away, and the Restoration
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of William Le Queux
The Undying Fire: A contemporary novel
Tumbling for Amateurs
Frank Merriwell's Fun; Or, Fearless and True
Val Sinestra
Frank Merriwell's First Job; Or, At the Foot of the Ladder
Rambles in Australia
Colin II: A Novel
The Jade God
Putnam's Automobile Handbook: The Care and Management of the Modern Motor-Car
The Hoosiers
The Truth About an Author
The Rockspur Eleven: A Fine Football Story for Boys
Gleanings from Maeterlinck
Roman politics
Puppies and kittens, and other stories
Educated working women: Essays on the economic position of women workers in the middle classes
The old mine's secret
Wanted—Leaders! : $b A study of Negro development
Many happy returns of the day!
Two bad blue eyes
Elegy in Autumn : $b In memory of Frank Dempster Sherman
The Indian operation of couching for cataract
Fabre, Poet of Science
The Eskimo Twins
The Heart of the Hills
A Romany of the Snows, vol. 4: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
You Never Know Your Luck; being the story of a matrimonial deserter. Volume 1.
The Purple Parasol
Together
Cuba in War Time
Home Missions in Action
The Master Detective: Being Some Further Investigations of Christopher Quarles
The Head of the Family: Sailor's Knots, Part 9.
The High School Boys' Training Hike
The Deserter
From the Bottom Up: The Life Story of Alexander Irvine
The Master-Knot of Human Fate
Auction of To-day
Dr. Johnson and His Circle
In ancient Albemarle
Determining the Age of Cattle by the Teeth
The Bridge of the Gods: A Romance of Indian Oregon. 19th Edition.
The Message and the Man:: Some Essentials of Effective Preaching
The Boy Scout and Other Stories for Boys
Peonage
The United States and Latin America
Windyridge
Two plays for dancers
The Daughter Pays
The Ontario Archives: Scope of its Operations
By Trench and Trail in Song and Story
Where There is Nothing: Being Volume I of Plays for an Irish Theatre
The Square Book of Animals
In the Days of Washington: A Story of the American Revolution
Mammals Collected by Dr. W. L. Abbott on the Natuna Islands: Proceedings of the Washington Academy of Sciences, Vol. III, pp. 111-138
The Art of Inventing
The Double Garden
A Balloon Ascension at Midnight
Camping in the Canadian Rockies: an account of camp life in the wilder parts of the Canadian Rocky mountains, together with a description of the region about Banff, Lake Louise, and Glacier, and a sketch of early explorations.
Frederick William Maitland, Downing Professor of the Laws of England: A Biographical Sketch
Leonora D'Orco: A Historical Romance
Rubáiyát of a Motor Car
A Chautauqua Idyl
Young Hunters in Porto Rico; or, The Search for a Lost Treasure
Incaland: A Story of Adventure in the Interior of Peru and the Closing Chapters of the War with Chile
Vanderdecken
Ordeal by Battle
Anecdotes of Big Cats and Other Beasts
The Egregious English
A Minor Poet, and Other Verse
My Queen: A Weekly Journal for Young Women. Issue 1. September 29, 1900.: From Farm to Fortune; or Only a Farmer's Daughter
Index for Works of Holman Day: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
Carpets
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of William Wood
Dick Merriwell's Fighting Chance; Or, The Split in the Varsity
The Son of Columbus
Our Navy at war
The Sea-Shore, Shown to the Children
Flower o' the lily: A romance of old Cambray
The Princess Athura: A romance of Iran
The quest of the Silver Swan: A land and sea tale for boys
The well in the desert
A soldier's mother in France
The Rover Boys winning a fortune; or, Strenuous days ashore and afloat
The scarlet car; The Princess Aline
Everyday experiences
The man who talked too much
Story of the Session of the California Legislature of 1909
The Belgian Twins
Marjorie's Vacation
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Volume 01
The Right of Way — Volume 01
Carnac's Folly, Volume 2.
Dave Darrin's Third Year at Annapolis; Or, Leaders of the Second Class Midshipmen
The Vigil: Night Watches, Part 8.
Abroad with the Jimmies
Blundell's Improvement: Odd Craft, Part 3.
The Collectors: Being Cases mostly under the Ninth and Tenth Commandments
Bog-Myrtle and Peat: Tales Chiefly of Galloway Gathered from the Years 1889 to 1895
The Nuts of Knowledge: Lyrical Poems Old and New
The Copyright Question: A Letter to the Toronto Board of Trade
The Books of the New Testament
Gloria Crucis: addresses delivered in Lichfield Cathedral Holy Week and Good Friday, 1907
The Camp in the Snow; Or, Besieged by Danger
Beyond the Marshes
My Sword's My Fortune: A Story of Old France
Glory and the Other Girl
His Lordship's Leopard: A Truthful Narration of Some Impossible Facts
Walt Whitman, Yesterday & Today
New West Indian Spiders: Bulletin of the AMNH, Vol. XXXIII, Art. XLI, pp. 639-642
The Christian Faith Under Modern Searchlights
Master of Men
Devil's Dice
The Voice from the Void: The Great Wireless Mystery
The Great God Gold
The Boss of Taroomba
The House of Defence v. 1
The Gayton Scholarship: A School Story
Home Problems from a New Standpoint
De L'Orme.: The Works of G. P. R. James, Esq., Vol. XVI.
Heidelberg: A Romance. Volumes I, II & III
Pussy Black-Face; Or, The Story of a Kitten and Her Friends
Patty's Motor Car
Our Benevolent Feudalism
Physiology and histology of the Cubomedusæ: including Dr. F.S. Conant's notes on the physiology
Lost in the Atlantic Valley; Or, Frank Reade, Jr., and His Wonder, the "Dart"
Zigzag Journeys in the Camel Country: Arabia in Picture and Story
Patty in the City
The Sheep-Stealers
Tom Pagdin, Pirate
The Ghost in the Tower: An Episode in Jacobia
Miss Meredith
Frank Merriwell's False Friend; Or, An Investment in Human Nature
The Dominion Astrophysical Observatory, Victoria, B.C.
History of Taxation in Rhode Island to the Year 1790
Walda: A Novel
The Temptress (La tierra de todos)
The life story of a squirrel
Folly Corner
Fancy free
Pragmatism and idealism
Ramsey Milholland
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume III, Part 1: 1900-1907
Peggy Stewart, Navy Girl, at Home
The Legends of San Francisco
The Trail of the Sword, Volume 3
The Pomp of the Lavilettes, Volume 1
Michel and Angele [A Ladder of Swords] — Volume 3
Donovan Pasha, and Some People of Egypt — Volume 1
The French in the Heart of America
The Lost Naval Papers
Young Hunters of the Lake; or, Out with Rod and Gun
The first soprano
The Rover Boys in Camp; or, The Rivals of Pine Island
On Christmas Day In The Evening
Knocking the Neighbors
Son of Power
Miss Pat at Artemis Lodge
Citizenship: A Manual for Voters
Love of Brothers
Her Ladyship's Elephant
Women of the Romance Countries (Illustrated): Woman: In all ages and in all countries Vol. 6 (of 10)
The Impostor
The Under-Secretary
Meg, of Valencia
Tales of Northumbria
The Cloud
In the Depths of the Dark Continent; or, The Vengeance of Van Vincent
The Quaint Companions: With an Introduction by H. G. Wells
Colonel Thomas Blood, Crown-stealer, 1618-1680
The Religio-Medical Masquerade: A Complete Exposure of Christian Science
The Cathedral Church of Oxford: A description of its fabric and a brief history of the Episcopal see
The Bombardment of Reims
The Women Who Came in the Mayflower
Rose D'Albret; or, Troublous Times.
The Mentor: Chinese Rugs, Vol. 4, Num. 2, Serial No. 102, March 1, 1916
When Santiago Fell; or, The War Adventures of Two Chums
The Romance of a Princess: A Comedy; and Other Poems
A Short History of the Worshipful Company of Horners
Heart Songs
Dave Porter's Great Search; Or, The Perils of a Young Civil Engineer
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Vaughan Kester
By the Way: Travel Letters Written During Several Journeys Abroad
Comenius and the Beginnings of Educational Reform
Fata Morgana: A Romance of Art Student Life in Paris
Dick Merriwell's Backers; Or, Well Worth Fighting For
Seven Lectures on the United Kingdom for use in India: Reissued for use in the United Kingdom
Trail and Trading Post; or, The Young Hunters of the Ohio
In the Christmas Woods: Being the introductory essay of a series on observations of nature through the year
Dutch Etchers of the Seventeenth Century
From the Land of the Snow-Pearls: Tales from Puget Sound
Oliver Bright's Search; or, The Mystery of a Mine
Frank Reade, Jr., With His New Steam Man in Central America
Vicksburg
Subject to Vanity
Practical forging and art smithing
Off the Bluebush : $b Verses for Australians West and East
The chariot of the sun : $b a fantasy
The clammer
Accidents of an antiquary's life
A woman's debt
Eight brand new bits of Christmas cheer
The Grey Brethren, and Other Fragments in Prose and Verse
The Star of Gettysburg: A Story of Southern High Tide
State of the Union Addresses
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Volume 05
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 6
The Money Master, Volume 1.
Roving East and Roving West
Pelle the Conqueror — Volume 02
Earthwork out of Tuscany: Being Impressions and Translations of Maurice Hewlett
Shareholders: Deep Waters, Part 1.
The Lady of the Barge: The Lady of the Barge and Others, Part 1.
The History of University Education in Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University (1876-1891). With supplementary notes on university extension and the university of the future
Red Saunders: His Adventures West & East
The Persecution of Bob Pretty: Odd Craft, Part 9.
The High School Pitcher; or, Dick & Co. on the Gridley Diamond
The Great Prince Shan
Lady Good-for-Nothing: A Man's Portrait of a Woman
Thomas Henry Huxley: A Character Sketch
Troop One of the Labrador
Red Hair
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, Vol. LXX, Dec. 1910: Address at the 42d Annual Convention, Chicago, Illinois, June 21st, 1910, Paper No. 1178
Some Personal Recollections of Dr. Janeway
The Candidate: A Political Romance
The Old Game: A Retrospect After Three and a Half Years on the Water-wagon
The New York Stock Exchange and Public Opinion: Remarks at Annual Dinner, Association of Stock Exchange Brokers, Held at the Astor Hotel, New York, January 24, 1917
The Mystery of Evelin Delorme: A Hypnotic Story
Star: The Story of an Indian Pony
The Zeppelin Destroyer: Being Some Chapters of Secret History
In White Raiment
At the Sign of the Sword: A Story of Love and War in Belgium
The Stolen Statesman: Being the Story of a Hushed Up Mystery
Seven Legs Across the Seas: A Printer's Impressions of Many Lands
Munster
Richelieu: A Tale of France, v. 2/3
The Panama Canal
A Draught of the Blue, together with An Essence of the Dusk
The Forgery; or, Best Intentions.
The Olive
Henry Smeaton: A Jacobite Story of the Reign of George the First.
The Young Guard
Deficient Saints: A Tale of Maine
With the Flag in the Channel; or, The Adventures of Captain Gustavus Conyngham
Glasgow: A Sketch Book
What's What in America
The British Navy in Battle
Daily Lesson Plans in English
From Dublin to Chicago: Some Notes on a Tour in America
My Queen: A Weekly Journal for Young Women. Issue 2, October 6, 1900: Marion Marlowe's Courage; or, A Brave Girl's Struggle for Life and Honor
Mr. and Mrs. Sên
Guatemala and Her People of To-day: Being an Account of the Land, Its History and Development; the People, Their Customs and Characteristics; to Which Are Added Chapters on British Honduras and the Republic of Honduras, with References to the Other Countries of Central America, Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Ralph Connor
Home Manufacture and Use of Unfermented Grape Juice
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Frederic Remington
Decatur and Somers
Frank Merriwell's Prosperity; or, Toil Has Its Reward
Spider-webs in Verse: A Collection of Lyrics for Leisure Moments, Spun at Idle Hours
Style and the Man
Type and Presses in America: A Brief Historical Sketch of the Development of Type Casting and Press Building in the United States
A successful venture
The splendour of Asia: The story and teaching of the Buddha
Echo de Paris
The Greatest English Classic: A Study of the King James Version of the Bible and Its Influence on Life and Literature
Mark Twain: A Biography. Volume III, Part 2: 1907-1910
Margot Asquith, an Autobiography - Two Volumes in One
Two Little Women on a Holiday
No Defense, Volume 3.
Pelle the Conqueror — Volume 04
The Life of the Rt. Hon. Sir Charles W. Dilke, Volume 2
The Forest Lovers
Friends in Need: Ship's Company, Part 2.
Lawyer Quince: Odd Craft, Part 5.
The Pony Rider Boys in the Grand Canyon; Or, The Mystery of Bright Angel Gulch
Sweetapple Cove
Luther Examined and Reexamined: A Review of Catholic Criticism and a Plea for Revaluation
In the Roaring Fifties
Nero
Children of Our Town
Captain Dieppe
The Sign of Silence
Banked Fires
Tales and Trails of Wakarusa
The Life of Saint Columba, Apostle of Scotland
Long Odds
Henry of Guise; or, The States of Blois (Vol. 3 of 3)
The Myth in Marriage
After Prison--What?
Cricket Songs
The Haunts of Old Cockaigne
The Little Ball O' Fire; or, the Life and Adventures of John Marston Hall: The Works of G. P. R. James, Vol. XV.
Canada and the British immigrant
For His Country, and Grandmother and the Crow
Kasba (White Partridge): A Story of Hudson Bay
A Valiant Ignorance; vol. 1 of 3: A Novel in Three Volumes
Practical Methods of Sewage Disposal for Residences, Hotels and Institutions
The Sunken Isthmus; or, Frank Reade, Jr., in the Yucatan Channel.
The Martyrs' Idyl, and Shorter Poems
Poems
A Little Book of Bores
Index for Works of Mary Gaunt: Hyperlinks to All Chapters of All Individual Ebooks
The Holyhead Road: The Mail-coach Road to Dublin. Vol. 2
The Somerset Coast
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Barr McCutcheon
The Plague of the Heart
The Hundred, and Other Stories
Kings in Adversity
Oration: The American Mind
Chatterton
Greek Tragedy in the Light of Vase Paintings
Honor of Thieves: A Novel
De Camp Genealogy: Laurent De Camp of New Utrecht, N.Y., 1664, and his descendants
Historical sketches of old Charing.: The hospital and chapel of Saint Mary Roncevall. Eleanor of Castile, Queen of England, and the monuments erected in her memory.
Gout, with a section on ocular disease in the gouty
Around the clock in Europe : $b A travel sequence
Tattle-tales of Cupid
Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of the Works of John Galsworthy
The Hollow of Her Hand
The Trail of the Sword, Volume 2
The Lane That Had No Turning, Volume 2
The Happy Adventurers
The Desire of the Moth; and the Come On
Dialstone Lane, Part 2.
Establishing Relations: Odd Craft, Part 7.
Masters of the English Novel: A Study of Principles and Personalities
Uncle Sam's Boys with Pershing's Troops: Or, Dick Prescott at Grips with the Boche
The Fun of Getting Thin: How to Be Happy and Reduce the Waist Line
An Unpardonable Liar
The Story of Jessie
'Hello, soldier!' : $b Khaki verse
The Romance of a Pro-Consul: Being the Personal Life and Memoirs of the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, K.C.B.
More Goops and How Not to Be Them: A Manual of Manners for Impolite Infants
St. Cuthbert's
Our Casualty, and Other Stories: 1918
Robert Orange: Being a Continuation of the History of Robert Orange
Thurston of Orchard Valley
The Winning of Popular Government: A Chronicle of the Union of 1841
The Life-Work of Flaubert, from the Russian of Merejowski
Capricious Caroline
Betty Grier
Outlook Odes
Egerton Ryerson and Education in Upper Canada
Sport Royal, and Other Stories
The Capsina: An Historical Novel
Canadian Melodies and Poems
Labor and the Angel
Paris: A Sketch Book
From the Log of the Velsa
Death, the Knight, and the Lady: A Ghost Story
Lucy Larcom: Life, Letters, and Diary
Verses
Irresolute Catherine
Index for Works of Neil Munro: Hyperlinks to all Chapters of all Individual Ebooks
It Happened in Japan
The Disappearance of Kimball Webb
Census Statistics of the Negro: A Paper
Our Young Aeroplane Scouts in France and Belgium: Or, Saving the Fortunes of the Trouvilles
A Few Remarks Concerning Makers of Singing Bird Boxes of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries
How to Study Fiorillo: A detailed, descriptive analysis of how to practice these studies, based upon the best teachings of representative, modern violin playing
By Honour Bound: A School Story for Girls
Causes and Consequences
Nick Carter Stories No. 141, May 22, 1915: The duplicate night
From Sea to Sea; Or, Clint Webb's Cruise on the Windjammer
Dante
The Upton Letters
Many Kingdoms
The Rover Boys out West; Or, The Search for a Lost Mine
The Right of Way — Volume 05
You Never Know Your Luck; being the story of a matrimonial deserter. Volume 2.
The Pastor's Son
The Lonely Dancer and Other Poems
The Palmy Days of Nance Oldfield
A Spirit of Avarice: Odd Craft, Part 11.
Dave Darrin's Fourth Year at Annapolis: Headed for Graduation and the Big Cruise
More Songs From Vagabondia
Christmas, A Happy Time: A Tale, Calculated for the Amusement and Instruction of Young Persons
The River of Darkness; Or, Under Africa
Prescott of Saskatchewan
The Seiners
The Last Cruise of the Spitfire; or, Luke Foster's Strange Voyage
Little Tom
An American
A Romance of Wastdale
The Closed Book: Concerning the Secret of the Borgias
Seaward: An Elegy on the Death of Thomas William Parsons
Letters from an Old Railway Official to His Son, a Division Superintendent
The House of Defence v. 2
At the Sign of the Sphinx. Second series
The Mentor: Reclaiming the Desert, Vol. 6, Num. 17, Serial No. 165, October 15, 1918
The Young Oarsmen of Lakeview
Philip Augustus; or, The Brothers in Arms
The Flag, and Other Poems, 1918
Delaware; or, The Ruined Family. Vol. 3
Froebel as a pioneer in modern psychology
The Tickencote Treasure
The Book of Months
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Anthony Hope
The House of Baltazar
Archibald Marshall, a Realistic Novelist
Medical Thoughts of Shakespeare
Quartz from the Uplands
The Vagaries of Tod and Peter
The Heritage
A Woman Ventures: A Novel
The Cat
Hazel
Independence: Rectorial address delivered at St. Andrews October 10, 1923
The man in the street: Papers on American topics
Patty's Butterfly Days
The Motormaniacs
The Right of Way — Volume 02
Embers, Volume 1.
The Story and Song of Black Roderick
The Child Under Eight
The Rover Boys at College; Or, The Right Road and the Wrong
With the Allies
The High School Boys' Canoe Club
The Man in Lonely Land
The Philanderers
Born Again
The Trawler
Health on the Farm: A Manual of Rural Sanitation and Hygiene
With Edge Tools
Dolly's College Experiences
The Cave by the Beech Fork: A Story of Kentucky—1815
A Maid of Many Moods
The Turnstile
The White Canoe, and Other Verse
The Day of Temptation
Sant of the Secret Service: Some Revelations of Spies and Spying
Guilty Bonds
Edinburgh: Painted by John Fulleylove; described by Rosaline Masson
The Heir to Grand-Pré
A Concise Chronicle of Events of the Great War
The Old Dominion
A Valiant Ignorance; vol. 2 of 3: A Novel in Three Volumes
The Human Boy
A Blundering Boy: A Humorous Story
Memories of Old Montana
Naval Actions of the War of 1812
Through Hell with Hiprah Hunt: A Series of Pictures and Notes of Travel Illustrating the Adventures of a Modern Dante in the Infernal Regions; Also Other Pictures of the Same Subterranean World
Argentina and Her People of To-day: An account of the customs, characteristics, amusements, history and advancement of the Argentinians, and the development and resources of their country
The Glory of Clementina Wing
Short Flights
A Jayhawker in Europe
The King of the Mamozekel
Mountain Paths
The provincial American and other papers
The sword of wealth
The story of iron
Nick Carter Stories No. 143, June 5, 1915: The sultan's pearls; or, Nick Carter's Porto Rico trail
Addresses in America, 1919
Bonnie Joann, and other poems
Christmas builders
The Chinese lantern : $b A play
The agricultural and forest products of British West Africa
Wilhelmina in London
The man who won
Studies and Essays: Concerning Letters
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Volume 2.
The Translation of a Savage, Volume 1
To Infidelity and Back
Honor Edgeworth; Or, Ottawa's Present Tense
Vane of the Timberlands
Strawberry Acres
The Romantic
The Survivor
There was a King in Egypt
The Long Portage
The Rover Boys in Southern Waters; or, The Deserted Steam Yacht
The Slant Book
Blake's Burden
The Church, the Schools and Evolution
Tinman
The Beginnings of Libraries
Darnley; or, The Field of the Cloth of Gold
Songs of the Glens of Antrim
Principles of Public Health: A Simple Text Book on Hygiene, Presenting the Principles Fundamental to the Conservation of Individual and Community Health
An Act in a Backwater
Bumper the White Rabbit and His Friends
Princess White Flame
Judith Moore; or, Fashioning a Pipe
The Hastings Road and the "Happy Springs of Tunbridge"
A History of the Second Division Naval Militia Connecticut National Guard
The Bush Fire, and Other Verses
Dick Merriwell's Assurance; Or, In His Brother's Footsteps
Muse and Mint
The Story of a Great Schoolmaster
Sir George Etienne Cartier: His Work for Canada and His Services to Montreal
The Book of the West: The story of western Canada, its birth and early adventures, its youthful combats, its peaceful settlement, its great transformation, and its present ways
Prints: A Brief Review of Their Technique and History
Wildwood Ways
"Impromptu"; or, How to Think on Your Feet
Darwin
Orphan Dinah
The Swiss Twins
The Martial Adventures of Henry and Me
Polly of Pebbly Pit
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Volume 1.
The Trail of the Sword, Volume 1
A Lover's Diary, Volume 1.
A Lover's Diary, Volume 2.
No Defense, Volume 1.
The Railroad Question
A Gentleman from Mississippi
Paying Off: Deep Waters, Part 2.
An Essence of the Dusk, 5th Edition
When hearts are trumps
The Castaway: Odd Craft, Part 2.
The High School Captain of the Team; or, Dick & Co. Leading the Athletic Vanguard
Dick Prescott's Second Year at West Point: Or, Finding the Glory of the Soldier's Life
The Belfry
The Scarlet Gown: Being Verses by a St. Andrews Man
An Isle in the Water
The Warfare of the Soul: Practical Studies in the Life of Temptation
Stolen Souls
The Desultory Man: Collection of Ancient and Modern British Novels and Romances. Vol. CXLVII.
The Honeymoon: A comedy in three acts
The Presentation
From Ocean to Ocean: Across a Continent on a Bicycle: An Account of a Solitary Ride From Adelaide to Port Darwin
Betty's Virginia Christmas
German Spies in England: An Exposure
The Old-Time Spelling School; In Three Parts
Arnold's Tempter
The Dare Boys in Vincennes
Little Miss Dorothy: The Story of the Wonderful Adventures of Two Little People
Practical Agitation
Stories for Boys
Frank Reade, Jr., with his new steam horse in the great American desert: or, The sandy trail of death
Frank Reade, Jr., with his new steam man in Mexico: or, hot work among the greasers
The training of an infantry company
The tithe
With Boone on the frontier : $b Or, The pioneer boys of old Kentucky
Mr. Belloc objects to "The outline of history"
Patty in Paris
The Pony Rider Boys in Montana; Or, The Mystery of the Old Custer Trail
The Trespasser, Volume 2
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 1
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 5
The Spirit of 1906
A History of Rome During the Later Republic and Early Principate
Viviette
Get Next!
The Song of the Blood-Red Flower
The Smoker's Year Book
A Michigan Man: 1891
The Re-echo Club
Seeds of Pine
The Career of Leonard Wood
Christina
The Mysterious Three
Number 70, Berlin: A Story of Britain's Peril
Letters from an Old Railway Official. Second Series: [To] His Son, a General Manager
Strange Stories of the Great Valley: The Adventures of a Boy Pioneer
Fables of Field and Staff
In the Wonderful Land of Hez; or, The Mystery of the Fountain of Youth
Lucinda
Canterbury
The Crystal Sceptre: A Story of Adventure
Dick Merriwell's Day; Or, Iron Nerve
A Journey of a Jayhawker
The Needed Change in the Age of Consent: An Appeal For the Better Protection of Our Girls
Dairy Disagreeables Busy the Bacteriologists
Lumber Lyrics
The Key to the Family Deed Chest: How to Decipher and Study Old Documents: Being a Guide to the Reading of Ancient Manuscripts
Down the line with John Henry
Music as a human need: A plea for free national instruction in music
My leper friends : $b An account of personal work among lepers, and of their daily life in India
Bucolic Beatitudes
Journal of Herbert Edward Pretyman written during his expedition to the Kittar Mountains, between Kenneh (on the Nile) and the Red Sea, 1891
The model prayer : $b A series of expositions on "the Lord's prayer"
Old Love Stories Retold
The Japanese Twins
The Story of the Soil; from the Basis of Absolute Science and Real Life
Pierre and His People: Tales of the Far North. Volume 5.
The Right of Way — Volume 04
The Money Master, Volume 5.
The Guardian Angel: Ship's Company, Part 7.
The Blotting Book
Dave Darrin's First Year at Annapolis: Two Plebe Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy
Soldier Songs and Love Songs
The Flaming Jewel
Anna the Adventuress
Beside Still Waters
In Hostile Red
Whatsoever a Man Soweth
This House to Let
The Lost Million
Stolen Idols
The Burgomaster of Stilemonde: A Play in Three Acts
Poems
Firebrands
A Working Plan for Colored Antituberculosis Leagues
The Mean-Wells
Samuel Reynolds House of Siam, pioneer medical missionary, 1847-1876
The Christmas Makers' Club
The factory
Some possible bearings of genetics on pathology
A Wasted Day
Miss Gibbie Gault
A Romany of the Snows, vol. 2: Being a Continuation of the Personal Histories of "Pierre and His People" and the Last Existing Records of Pretty Pierre
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Volume 03
Men, Women, and God: A Discussion of Sex Questions from the Christian Point of View
Patty and Azalea
The Salmon Fishery of Penobscot Bay and River in 1895-96
Riches of Grace: A Compilation of Experiences in the Christian Life: A Narration of Trials and Victories Along the Way
A Mine of Faults
The Man in Black: An Historical Novel of the Days of Queen Anne
Agnes Sorel: A Novel
Delaware; or, The Ruined Family. Vol. 2
Motor Tours in the West Country
Children of the Arctic
Land and Sea Tales for Boys and Girls
Maru: A Dream of the Sea
Irritability: A Physiological Analysis of the General Effect of Stimuli in Living Substance
International Thought
History of Iridotomy: Knife-Needle vs. Scissors—Description of Author's V-Shaped Method
The Story of Gombi
The zoological gardens of Europe, their history and chief features
The artillerist's manual and British soldier's compendium
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 2
Carnac's Folly, Volume 3.
Personal Experiences of S. O. Susag
Dialstone Lane, Part 1.
You Can Search Me
Mary Cary: "Frequently Martha"
The Black Colonel
Lace Curtain Cleaning: A Successful Home Business
Helena's Path
Henry of Guise; or, The States of Blois (Vol. 2 of 3)
Dissection of the Platana and the Frog
Ten Degrees Backward
An Experiment in Altruism
Mrs. Falchion, Volume 1.
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 4
The Battle of the Strong: A Romance of Two Kingdoms — Volume 5
The Money Master, Volume 2.
The High School Freshmen; or, Dick & Co.'s First Year Pranks and Sports
The Intriguers
Ranching for Sylvia
The Missing Link
In Macao
The Path to Honour
Robert Tournay: A Romance of the French Revolution
The Ledge on Bald Face
Carry On!
The Bond of Black
Sketches of Missionary Life
Charles Tyrrell; or, The Bitter Blood. Volumes I and II
Death to the Inquisitive! A story of sinful love
Reminiscences of Colored People of Princeton, N. J.: 1800-1900
The New Democracy: A handbook for Democratic speakers and workers
The Cap and Gown
The Blackguard
The cheerful blackguard
The Flyers
When Valmond Came to Pontiac: The Story of a Lost Napoleon. Volume 3.
The Trail of the Sword, Volume 4
Donovan Pasha, and Some People of Egypt — Volume 2
Donovan Pasha, and Some People of Egypt — Volume 3
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 2
The Weavers: a tale of England and Egypt of fifty years ago - Volume 4
The World for Sale, Volume 2.
Wild Youth, Volume 1.
Debris: Selections from Poems
The fifth of November : $b a romance of the Stuarts
Ortus Christi: Meditations for Advent
School-Room Humour
Facts and Figures Concerning the Hoosac Tunnel
The Ballad of Ensign Joy
The Last Lady of Mulberry: A Story of Italian New York
Herder's conception of "das Volk"
Nature's carol singers
Gratitude
True to Himself; Or, Roger Strong's Struggle for Place
The Three Comrades
The Elizabethan Parish in its Ecclesiastical and Financial Aspects
The Lure of the North
A Lover in Homespun: And Other Stories
Hanover; Or The Persecution of the Lowly: A Story of the Wilmington Massacre.
Oklahoma Sunshine
From Headquarters: Odd Tales Picked up in the Volunteer Service
The Bedbug [1934]
What the Judge Saw: Being Twenty-Five Years in Manchester by One Who Has Done It
The Sun of Saratoga: A Romance of Burgoyne's Surrender
Mr. Bonaparte of Corsica
Ten Englishmen of the Nineteenth Century
The Right of Way, Volume 6
Patty Fairfield
Four Boy Hunters; Or, The Outing of the Gun Club
More Cricket Songs
Her Royal Highness: A Romance of the Chancelleries of Europe
This House to Let
My Rubaiyat
Dialogue
Mrs. Falchion, Volume 2.
The Trespasser, Volume 1
Donovan Pasha, and Some People of Egypt — Volume 4
No Defense, Volume 2.
The Demand and the Supply of Increased Efficiency in the Negro Ministry: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 13
A Syrup of the Bees
Mollentrave on Women: A comedy in three acts
My Lattice, and Other Poems
Great Western Railway Instructions
Frank Merriwell in Europe; or, Working His Way Upward
The English provincial printers, stationers and bookbinders to 1557
The Life of Stephen A. Douglas
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Volume 02
The Translation of a Savage, Volume 2
The High School Left End; or, Dick & Co. Grilling on the Football Gridiron
The Lady of Big Shanty
Carmen's Messenger
The Indian's Hand: 1892
Corse de Leon; or, The Brigand: A Romance. Volume 1 (of 2)
The clammer and the submarine
The Man-at-Arms; or, Henry De Cerons. Volumes I and II
The Sword of the King
Greuze
The Jumano Indians
The Highland glen : $b or, plenty and famine
The Money Master, Volume 3.
The Rising of the Red Man: A Romance of the Louis Riel Rebellion
Edward MacDowell, His Work and Ideals
Poems
Patty Blossom
Problems of Immanence: studies critical and constructive
Australasian Democracy
Lincoln, the American
Mary Magdalene: A Play in Three Acts
The Inns and Taverns of "Pickwick": With Some Observations on Their Other Associations
The Pomp of the Lavilettes, Volume 2
The Money Master, Volume 4.
A Bunch of Nonsense: Vaudeville Specialty
Delaware; or, The Ruined Family. Vol. 1
The Rapin
Widger's Quotations from the Project Gutenberg Editions of Paine's Writings on Mark Twain
You Never Know Your Luck; being the story of a matrimonial deserter. Volume 3.
The black wolf's breed : $b A story of France in the Old world and the New, happening in the reign of Louis XIV
A Summer's Poems
Rossetti
Blind Tim, and other Christmas stories written for children
Cumner's Son and Other South Sea Folk — Volume 04
Carnac's Folly, Volume 1.
The Land of Lure: A Story of the Columbia River Basin
The Pest
A Visit to the Sarö and Shera Yögurs
Embers, Volume 3.
Out of the North
The Mysterious Mr. Miller
The Right of Way — Volume 03
With Kelly to Chitral
Stained Glass Windows: An Essay: With a Report to the Vestry on Stained Glass Windows for Grace Church Lockport New York
Lefty o' the bush
People Like That: A Novel
The Lane That Had No Turning, Volume 1
Michel and Angele [A Ladder of Swords] — Volume 2
Remarks from a Visit to Edison Laboratory
The Fourth-Dimensional Reaches of the Exposition: San Francisco, 1915
The Trespasser, Volume 3
Remarks from a Visit to Edison Laboratory
Reuben Haskin's ride on the Cyclone Auto
The Song My Paddle Sings
The Ghost-dance religion and the Sioux outbreak of 1890 : $b Fourteenth annual report of the Bureau of Ethnology, part 2.
In love's hands : $b For her heart's sake
A Room with a View
The Blue Castle: a novel
Anne of Green Gables
Daddy Takes Us to the Garden: The Daddy Series for Little Folks
The Problems of Philosophy
Siddhartha
The call of the wild
White Fang
Plays
The Jungle
The American Diary of a Japanese Girl
Swann's Way
A History of the Philippines
Riders to the Sea
The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare
Anne of the Island
Anne of Avonlea
Martin Eden
The Moon and Sixpence
The Red Badge of Courage: An Episode of the American Civil War
Diccionario Ingles-Español-Tagalog: Con partes de la oracion y pronunciacion figurada
Demian
The Practice and Science of Drawing
A First Spanish Reader
A passage to India
A Princess of Mars
A Complete Guide to Heraldry
Anne's House of Dreams
The Ballad of the White Horse
The innocence of Father Brown
Etiquette
The Financier: A Novel
Letters of a Javanese Princess
Winesburg, Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small Town Life
Daddy Long-Legs
The essentials of mysticism, and other essays
What's Wrong with the World
The Rich Little Poor Boy
Orthodoxy
The Playboy of the Western World: A Comedy in Three Acts
Howards End
Psychology of the Unconscious: A Study of the Transformations and Symbolisms of the Libido. A Contribution to the History of the Evolution of Thought
The Sanskrit drama : $b in its origin, development, theory and practice
Tarzan of the Apes
The Thirty-Nine Steps
A Child's History of the World
The real Australia
All About Coffee
Rilla of Ingleside
Scaramouche: A Romance of the French Revolution
A diplomat's wife in Mexico : $b Letters from the American Embassy at Mexico City, covering the dramatic period between October 8th, 1913, and the breaking off of diplomatic relations on April 23rd, 1914, together with an account of the occupation of Vera Cruz
Sister Carrie: A Novel
Cautionary Tales for Children
Tremendous Trifles
Emily of New Moon
The Analysis of Mind
The Mary Frances sewing book : $b or, Adventures among the thimble people
Howards End
Secret societies and subversive movements
Nantucket windows
Anne of Green Gables
Poems
The History of Sulu
Of Human Bondage
Hemming, the adventurer
Lineage, Life and Labors of José Rizal, Philippine Patriot
Anne of the Island
Heretics
A History of Norwegian Immigration to the United States: From the Earliest Beginning down to the Year 1848
Rainbow Valley
The Romantic Composers
The iron heel
The Secrets of the Self (Asrar-i Khudi) — A Philosophical Poem
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator
The Sea-Wolf
My Ántonia
Orthodoxy
Old Granny Fox
American Rural Highways
The Burgess Animal Book for Children
Rainbow Valley
The Opium Monopoly
Gun play
Greenmantle
O Pioneers!
In a Little Town
Smoke Bellew
Rilla of Ingleside
The Gods of Mars
The Everlasting Man
Viking Tales
The Book of Wonder
The Man of the Forest
Scaramouche: A Romance of the French Revolution
The Tribes and Castes of the Central Provinces of India, Volume 1
Anne of Green Gables
The Scarlet Plague
How to Succeed as an Inventor: Showing the Wonderful Possibilities in the Field of Invention; the Dangers to Be Avoided; the Inventions Needed; How to Perfect and Develop New Ideas to the Money Making Stage
The Congo, and Other Poems
Riders of the Purple Sage
The Fairy-Faith in Celtic Countries
A Hausa botanical vocabulary
Captain Blood
Surgical Instruments in Greek and Roman Times
The Open Boat and Other Stories
Myths of Babylonia and Assyria
Winesburg, Ohio
Tarzan of the Apes
Food Guide for War Service at Home: Prepared under the direction of the United States Food Administration in co-operation with the United States Department of Agriculture and the Bureau of Education, with a preface by Herbert Hoover
Death in Venice
O Pioneers!
The Science of Human Nature: A Psychology for Beginners
The Gods of Mars
Mysticism and Logic and Other Essays
The flying parliament, and other poems
The Night Land
The Spell of the Yukon and Other Verses
The Profits of Religion: An Essay in Economic Interpretation
The Riddle of the Sands
The Story Girl
The Golden Road
How it Works: Dealing in simple language with steam, electricity, light, heat, sound, hydraulics, optics, etc., and with their applications to apparatus in common use
From October to Brest-Litovsk
Foods that will win the war and how to cook them (1918)
The Indiscreet Letter
Principia Ethica
Old Man Curry: Race Track Stories
A Princess of Mars
How to analyze people on sight through the science of human analysis : $b the five human types
The Problem of China
Selected Poems
Love of Life, and Other Stories
Tender Buttons: Objects—Food—Rooms
White Fang
The Gods of Pegana
The Napoleon of Notting Hill
The Getting of Wisdom
The Book of the Damned
All Things Considered
The Burgess Bird Book for Children
Aspects of the novel
South: The Story of Shackleton's Last Expedition, 1914-1917
Captain Blood
The Religion of Ancient Rome
The Good Soldier
The Chronicles of Clovis
The Baz-nama-yi Nasiri : $b A Persian treatise on falconry
The Curlytops on Star Island; Or, Camping out with Grandpa
The Story of a Soul (L'Histoire d'une Âme): The Autobiography of St. Thérèse of Lisieux: With Additional Writings and Sayings of St. Thérèse
The King of Elfland's Daughter
Daddy-Long-Legs
High Society: Advice as to Social Campaigning, and Hints on the Management of Dowagers, Dinners, Debutantes, Dances, and the Thousand and One Diversions of Persons of Quality
Diet and Health; With Key to the Calories
History of the United States
The House on the Borderland
The Woman in Black
A Day in Old Athens; a Picture of Athenian Life
Types of News Writing
Dr. Montessori's Own Handbook
Walter and the Wireless
The Painted Veil
The eternal moment, and other stories
The Epic of Gilgamish: A Fragment of the Gilgamish Legend in Old-Babylonian Cuneiform
Chaucer and His Times
The People of the Abyss
The Clue of the Twisted Candle
The Legends of the Jews — Volume 1
The Song of the Lark
A Mind That Found Itself: An Autobiography
History of the United States, Volume 1
Beasts and Super-Beasts
Anne of Avonlea
Knots, Splices and Rope Work: A Practical Treatise Giving Complete and Simple Directions for Making All the Most Useful and Ornamental Knots in Common Use, with Chapters on Splicing, Pointing, Seizing, Serving, etc.
Proposed Roads to Freedom
The Burgess Animal Book for Children
Scurvy, Past and Present
Moral Theology: A Complete Course Based on St. Thomas Aquinas and the Best Modern Authorities
Napoleon's Marshals
Sisters
The closed door
The Story Girl
The Trembling of a Leaf: Little Stories of the South Sea Islands
Within You is the Power
"The United Seas"
The warlord of Mars
Fire and Ice
A Boy's Will
What Every Girl Should Know
The wisdom of Father Brown
The Crow's Nest
The Little Lady of the Big House
The Magic Pudding
McTeague: A Story of San Francisco
Collected Papers on Analytical Psychology
The Book of Life
Little Miss Grouch: A Narrative Based on the Log of Alexander Forsyth Smith's Maiden Transatlantic Voyage
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1909 to 1922
Writing & Illuminating, & Lettering
The Return of Tarzan
The Translations of Beowulf: A Critical Bibliography
Stories of Old Greece and Rome
Dear Enemy
The Accumulation of Capital
The Jumble Book: A Jumble of Good Things
A Voyage to Arcturus
A Complete Grammar of Esperanto
What I Saw in America
The warlord of Mars
Eugenics and Other Evils
The Planters of Colonial Virginia
Under Fire: The Story of a Squad
The Story of the Malakand Field Force: An Episode of Frontier War
The Pirates' Who's Who: Giving Particulars Of The Lives and Deaths Of The Pirates And Buccaneers
Boys and Girls: The Verses of James W. Foley
Greenmantle
The Man Who was Thursday, A Nightmare
Jungle Tales of Tarzan
The Loss of the S. S. Titanic: Its Story and Its Lessons
The Flying Inn
The Foolish Dictionary: An exhausting work of reference to un-certain English words, their origin, meaning, legitimate and illegitimate use, confused by a few pictures [not included]
Myths and Legends of Ancient Egypt
The Last Million: How They Invaded France—and England
Maggie: A Girl of the Streets
What I believe
The Celestial Omnibus, and Other Stories
At the Earth's Core
Free Thought and Official Propaganda
Robin Hood
Cobb's Bill-of-Fare
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1905 to 1906
Jungle Folk: Indian Natural History Sketches
The Crucible
The Life and Letters of Lewis Carroll (Rev. C. L. Dodgson)
The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861: A History of the Education of the Colored People of the United States from the Beginning of Slavery to the Civil War
Brown Wolf and Other Jack London Stories: Chosen and Edited By Franklin K. Mathiews
Little Jack Rabbit and Chippy Chipmunk
The Theory of Psychoanalysis
A Sixth-Century Fragment of the Letters of Pliny the Younger: A Study of Six Leaves of an Uncial Manuscript Preserved; in the Pierpont Morgan Library New York
The Tribes and Castes of the Central Provinces of India, Volume 2
Political Ideals
American Indian Stories
The Carpet from Bagdad
Thuvia, Maid of Mars
The Trail of '98: A Northland Romance
Sex-education: A series of lectures concerning knowledge of sex in its relation to human life
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1902 to 1903
Beasts, Men and Gods
Opportunities in Engineering
The call of the wild
Fables for the Frivolous
The Coronado Expedition, 1540-1542.: Excerpted from the Fourteenth Annual Report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1892-1893, Part 1.
New Hampshire, A Poem; with Notes and Grace Notes
The Lady Doc
The Face of the Fields
Old Mother West Wind
Pictures Every Child Should Know: A Selection of the World's Art Masterpieces for Young People
Molly Make-Believe
Ballads of a Bohemian
The Pivot of Civilization
The Home Book of Verse — Volume 2
Rootabaga Stories
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Complete
The Untroubled Mind
The Fulfilment of a Dream of Pastor Hsi's: The Story of the Work in Hwochow
The Golden Road
North of Boston
The Gentleman from San Francisco, and Other Stories
Chronicles of Avonlea
The Wisdom of Father Brown
The Burgess Bird Book for Children
In Flanders Fields, and Other Poems
Your National Parks, with Detailed Information for Tourists
Wild Life Near Home
The Magic and Science of Jewels and Stones
The Lone Star Ranger: A Romance of the Border
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1896 to 1901
The Son of Tarzan
The Home Book of Verse — Volume 4
Grapes of wrath
Jack Chanty: A Story of Athabasca
Time and the Gods
The Last American Frontier
A Son of the Sun
Mountain Interval
The Quest of the Historical Jesus: A Critical Study of its Progress from Reimarus to Wrede
Italy at War and the Allies in the West
Relativity: The Special and General Theory
Yama [The Pit], a Novel in Three Parts
The cruise of the Snark
Deadfalls and Snares: A Book of Instruction for Trappers About These and Other Home-Made Traps
Heroes of To-Day
Things To Make
Uncle Wiggily's Adventures
Byeways in Palestine
A Friend of Cæsar: A Tale of the Fall of the Roman Republic. Time, 50-47 B.C.
The Mysterious Rider
Reynard the Fox
Manalive
Educational Toys: Consisting Chiefly of Coping-Saw Problems for Children in School and the Home
The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists
The Psychology of Management: The Function of the Mind in Determining, Teaching and Installing Methods of Least Waste
The Fasting Cure
Relativity: The Special and General Theory
Understood Betsy
Criminal Man, According to the Classification of Cesare Lombroso
The Titan
Rimrock Trail
A hat in the radio ring
The Jacket (The Star-Rover)
Myths of China and Japan: with illustrations in colour & monochrome after paintings and photographs
The Great Illusion: A Study of the Relation of Military Power to National Advantage
The Spring of the Year
The Adventures of Reddy Fox
The Dwelling Place of Light — Complete
The Path to Rome
The Foolish Dictionary
Inca Land: Explorations in the Highlands of Peru
The Rise of the Russian Empire
The United States Since the Civil War
Seasoning of Wood
The Montessori Method: Scientific Pedagogy as Applied to Child Education in 'The Children's Houses' with Additions and Revisions by the Author
Within a Budding Grove
The Chessmen of Mars
Mr. Standfast
Our Knowledge of the External World as a Field for Scientific Method in Philosophy
To the Last Man
The Longest Journey
The innocence of Father Brown
The Story of the Trapper
Indian Myth and Legend
The Geste of Duke Jocelyn
The Edda, Volume 1: The Divine Mythology of the North; Popular Studies in Mythology, Romance, and Folklore, No. 12
Little Eve Edgarton
The Man Who Knew Too Much
Down-Adown-Derry: A Book of Fairy Poems
Cape Cod Ballads, and Other Verse
The New Jerusalem
The Condition and Tendencies of Technical Education in Germany
Yorkshire Dialect Poems (1673-1915) and traditional poems
The Valley of the Moon
Bob, Son of Battle
The Ball and the Cross
The Road
Daddy-Long-Legs
Verse and Worse
The Loss of the S. S. Titanic
Now It Can Be Told
Life And Letters Of John Gay (1685-1732), Author of "The Beggar's Opera"
Humorous Ghost Stories
The Mucker
Fifty-One Tales
The Adventures of Peter Cottontail
Greenacre Girls
When God Laughs, and Other Stories
One Hundred Best Books: With Commentary and an Essay on Books and Reading
Fifty-Two Story Talks to Boys and Girls
The Arts and Crafts of Older Spain, Volume 2 (of 3)
A Manual of Clinical Diagnosis
Lost Face
Beginnings of the American People
Sulamith: A Romance of Antiquity
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1904
A History of Witchcraft in England from 1558 to 1718
A Book of Giants: Tales of Very Tall Men of Myth, Legend, History, and Science.
The Octopus : A Story of California
The Adventures of Grandfather Frog
Fantômas
Bookbinding, and the Care of Books: A Handbook for Amateurs, Bookbinders & Librarians
Where Angels Fear to Tread
A Chinese Wonder Book
A Field Book of the Stars
Why Men Fight: A method of abolishing the international duel
The Beasts of Tarzan
Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar
The Tale of Peter Mink
Legends & Romances of Brittany
Under the Law
By-Ways of Bombay
How To Write Special Feature Articles: A Handbook for Reporters, Correspondents and Free-Lance Writers Who Desire to Contribute to Popular Magazines and Magazine Sections of Newspapers
Boy Scouts in the Philippines; Or, The Key to the Treaty Box
A Woman's War: A Novel
Huntingtower
Just Patty
Spontaneous Activity in Education
The Boy With the U.S. Census
The Book of Elves and Fairies for Story-Telling and Reading Aloud and for the Children's Own Reading
The Defendant
St. Martin's Summer
The Book of Missionary Heroes
Greek and Roman Ghost Stories
Blackbeard: Buccaneer
Anne of Green Gables
The Land That Time Forgot
A School History of the Great War
Fairy Prince and Other Stories
Glimpses of Indian Birds
The Builders: A Story and Study of Masonry
Satan Sanderson
The River War: An Account of the Reconquest of the Sudan
On the Fringe of the Great Fight
The Tribes and Castes of the Central Provinces of India, Volume 4
The Log of the Sun: A Chronicle of Nature's Year
The Castaways of Pete's Patch: (A Sequel to The Adopting of Rosa Marie)
Sword Blades and Poppy Seed
The Red One
The Mother and Her Child
Peace On Earth, Good-Will To Dogs
Are Women People? A Book of Rhymes for Suffrage Times
The Circular Staircase
The Battle Ground
The A B C of Relativity
The problem of Cell 13
An Introduction to Mythology
Essays in Zen Buddhism : $b First series
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories, 1907 to 1908
Before Adam
The Magician
Mediæval Byways
From Paper-mill to Pressroom
The female-impersonators: $b A sequel to the autobiography of an androgyne and an account of some of the author's experiences during his six years' career as instinctive female-impersonator in New York's underworld; together with the life stories of androgyne associates and an outline of his subsequently acquired knowledge of kindred phenomena of human character and psychology
A Text-Book of Precious Stones for Jewelers and the Gem-Loving Public
The French Revolution
Ontology, or the Theory of Being
Violets and Other Tales
Ballads of Mystery and Miracle and Fyttes of Mirth: Popular Ballads of the Olden Times - Second Series
The Sex Side of Life: An Explanation for Young People
The South Pole; an account of the Norwegian Antarctic expedition in the "Fram," 1910-12 — Volume 1 and Volume 2
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories
Humour of the North
Kankanay Ceremonies: (American Archaeology and Ethnology)
Every Man for Himself
The Woman Gives: A Story of Regeneration
The Red Fox's Son: A Romance of Bharbazonia
Letters & Lettering: A Treatise with 200 Examples
Highways and Byways in Surrey
How France Built Her Cathedrals: A Study in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Centuries
The Autobiography of a Clown
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Call of the Canyon
Our Foreigners: A Chronicle of Americans in the Making
Jennie Gerhardt: A Novel
Adventures While Preaching the Gospel of Beauty
The Montessori Elementary Material: The Advanced Montessori Method
History of the United States, Volume 2: Conflict & Independence
The Boy with Wings
The Toys of Peace, and Other Papers
The Book of Khalid
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, vol. LXVIII, Sept. 1910: The New York Tunnel Extension of the Pennsylvania Railroad; The Terminal Station - West
A Short History of England
The Man from the Bitter Roots
The Cinder Pond
Seven Little Australians
Scottish Ghost Stories
Agriculture in Virginia, 1607-1699
Carnacki, the Ghost Finder
Child Labor in City Streets
The Complete Golfer
The Scarecrow; or The Glass of Truth: A Tragedy of the Ludicrous
E. K. Means: Is This a Title? It Is Not. It Is the Name of a Writer of Negro Stories, Who Has Made Himself So Completely the Writer of Negro Stories That His Book Needs No Title
Lord of the World
A Book for Kids
Leaves from a Field Note-Book
A Traveller in War-Time
Tam o' the Scoots
Manual of Military Training: Second, Revised Edition
Death comes for the archbishop
Where There's a Will
Winding Paths
A Stake in the Land
The Handbook of Conundrums
Handbook of Medical Entomology
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Jack London
Howards End
Pictures of Jewish Home-Life Fifty Years Ago
The Panama Canal
A History of American Literature
Italian Highways and Byways from a Motor Car
The Bible Book by Book: A Manual for the Outline Study of the Bible by Books
The Complete Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar
Beasts & Men: Folk Tales Collected in Flanders and Illustrated by Jean de Bosschère
The Night-Born
A History of Sea Power
The Book of Buried Treasure: Being a True History of the Gold, Jewels, and Plate of Pirates, Galleons, etc., which are sought for to this day
Trail's End
Ophelia
Principles of Mining: Valuation, Organization and Administration
Belgium: From the Roman Invasion to the Present Day
The Book of Susan: A Novel
Geography and Plays
The Tribes and Castes of the Central Provinces of India, Volume 3
A Girl's Student Days and After
Lad: A Dog
Mount Everest, the Reconnaissance, 1921
Jewellery
Desert Gold
King's Cutters and Smugglers 1700-1855
The Tale of Timothy Turtle
Boys' Second Book of Inventions
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Bertrand Russell
A Commentary to Kant's 'Critique of Pure Reason'
Philippine progress prior to 1898 : $b a source book of Philippine history to supply a fairer view of Filipino participation and supplement the defective Spanish accounts
The Romance of Modern Mechanism: With Interesting Descriptions in Non-technical Language of Wonderful Machinery and Mechanical Devices and Marvellously Delicate Scientific Instruments
The Practice and Theory of Bolshevism
Threads of Grey and Gold
The Great American Fraud: The Patent Medicine Evil
The Crisis — Complete
The Trained Memory: Being the Fourth of a Series of Twelve Volumes on the; Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and; Business Efficiency
The Man Who Knew Too Much
Home Taxidermy for Pleasure and Profit: A Guide for Those Who Wish to Prepare and Mount Animals, Birds, Fish, Reptiles, etc., for Home, Den, or Office Decoration
Mistress Wilding
Little Jack Rabbit and Uncle John Hare
The Guermantes Way
Hymns and Hymnwriters of Denmark
The Life of Cesare Borgia
The Craft of Fiction
In Africa: Hunting Adventures in the Big Game Country
J. Poindexter, Colored
The Club of Queer Trades
The Scientific American Boy; Or, The Camp at Willow Clump Island
Ballads of Robin Hood and other Outlaws: Popular Ballads of the Olden Times - Fourth Series
A House Party with the Tucker Twins
The Myths of Mexico & Peru
A Book of Remarkable Criminals
Contemporary American Composers: Being a Study of the Music of This Country, Its Present; Conditions and Its Future, with Critical Estimates and; Biographies of the Principal Living Composers; and an; Abundance of Portraits, Fac-simile Musical Autographs, and; Compositions
A Dome of Many-Coloured Glass
The Art of the Moving Picture
My Ántonia
The World Crisis, Volume 1 (of 6)
Zuleika Dobson; Or, An Oxford Love Story
The Adventures of Buster Bear
Royal Palaces and Parks of France
Pygmies & Papuans: The Stone Age To-day in Dutch New Guinea
The Monster Men
The Evolution of Love
Roughing it De Luxe
Wappin' Wharf: A Frightful Comedy of Pirates
A Victor of Salamis
Our Schools in War Time—and After
Herbals, Their Origin and Evolution: A Chapter in the History of Botany 1470-1670
Philosophy
Moon-Face, and Other Stories
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse
Auguste Rodin
The Mythology of All Races, Vol. 11: Latin-American
Further Chronicles of Avonlea
Practical Mysticism: A Little Book for Normal People
The Perfect Gentleman
Tarzan the Untamed
Yet Again
Pointed Roofs: Pilgrimage, Volume 1
The Boy and the Sunday School: A Manual of Principle and Method for the Work of the Sunday School with Teen Age Boys
Animal Figures in the Maya Codices
The Attempted Assassination of ex-President Theodore Roosevelt
The Romance of a Plain Man
The Rainbow Trail
Miss Mink's Soldier and Other Stories
Animal Children: The Friends of the Forest and the Plain
The Yukon Trail: A Tale of the North
Instincts of the Herd in Peace and War
Success: A Novel
The Cup of Fury: A Novel of Cities and Shipyards
Mohave Pottery
When It Was Dark: The Story of a Great Conspiracy
To Have and to Hold
Life History of the Kangaroo Rat
Uncle Wiggily and Old Mother Hubbard: Adventures of the Rabbit Gentleman with the Mother Goose Characters
Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor: (Stanhope Historical Essay 1901)
Deirdre of the Sorrows
Birds of the Indian Hills
Garcia the Centenarian and His Times: Being a Memoir of Manuel Garcia's Life and Labours for the Advancement of Music and Science
The Overall Boys in Switzerland
Alexandria: A History and a Guide
The Next of Kin: Those who Wait and Wonder
Readings from Latin Verse; With Notes
Molly Brown's Junior Days
A Beacon for the Blind: Being a Life of Henry Fawcett, the Blind Postmaster-General
Original Photographs Taken on the Battlefields during the Civil War of the United States
The Light of the Western Stars
Alarms and Discursions
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist
Mrs. Craddock
Plays
Great Pianists on Piano Playing: Study Talks with Foremost Virtuosos. A Series of Personal Educational Conferences with Renowned Masters of the Keyboard, Presenting the Most Modern Ideas upon the Subjects of Technic, Interpretation, Style and Expression
The Uses of Diversity: A book of essays
American Adventures: A Second Trip 'Abroad at home'
The Victorian Age in Literature
Women As Sex Vendors: Or, Why Women Are Conservative (Being a View of the Economic Status of Woman)
We Can't Have Everything: A Novel
The Children's Six Minutes
The Spinster Book
In the Days of Giants: A Book of Norse Tales
The Modern Traveller
The Boy Scouts on the Range
Waterways of Westward Expansion - The Ohio River and its Tributaries
Uncle Wiggily's Story Book
Our Hawaii : $b (Islands and islanders)
The Dogs of Boytown
Studies in Moro History, Law, and Religion
A Marriage Under the Terror
Seven Mohave Myths
Buddenbrooks, volume 1 of 2
The Crushed Flower, and Other Stories
Here and Now Story Book: Two- to seven-year-olds
The Story of Napoleon
Pellucidar
Rudolph Eucken : a philosophy of life
The Glugs of Gosh
Sundry Accounts
The Bird Book: Illustrating in natural colors more than seven hundred North American birds; also several hundred photographs of their nests and eggs.
The Valiants of Virginia
Metipom's hostage : $b Being a Narrative of certain surprising adventures befalling one David Lindall in the first year of King Philip's War
Some Summer Days in Iowa
The Business of Being a Housewife: A Manual to Promote Household Efficiency and Economy
The Tinker's Wedding
A Woman Named Smith
Safe Marriage: A Return to Sanity
Black Beaver, the Trapper
The Shoemaker's Apron: A Second Book of Czechoslovak Fairy Tales and Folk Tales
St. Francis of Assisi
The pit : $b a story of Chicago
Applied Eugenics
The Christian Mythology
Pirates of Venus
Psychology and Achievement: Being the First of a Series of Twelve Volumes on the Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and Business Efficiency
Tales of Wonder
The Day of the Beast
Gadsby : $b a story of over 50,000 words without using the letter "E"
Ecclesiastical Vestments: Their development and history
Buried Cities: Pompeii, Olympia, Mycenae (Complete)
Some Winter Days in Iowa
Tom Slade with the Colors
The Long Roll
The Shepherd of the Hills
One Third Off
What Shall We Do Now?: Five Hundred Games and Pastimes
Some Constituents of the Poison Ivy Plant (Rhus Toxicodendron)
The King's Pilgrimage
The Mystery
A Magician Among the Spirits
Utopia of Usurers and Other Essays
The Home Book of Verse — Volume 1
Darkness and Dawn
The French Impressionists (1860-1900)
Ballads of Romance and Chivalry: Popular Ballads of the Olden Times - First Series
A Collection of Stories, Reviews and Essays
The Myths of the North American Indians
One Woman: Being the Second Part of a Romance of Sussex
Sexual Life of Primitive People
Jamaica Anansi stories
The Barrier
Steel Traps: Describes the Various Makes and Tells How to Use Them, Also Chapters on Care of Pelts, Etc.
At Boarding School with the Tucker Twins
The Rise of Universities
Songs of Childhood
The Magic Soap Bubble
The Popol Vuh: The Mythic and Heroic Sagas of the Kichés of Central America
The grateful elephant : $b And other stories translated from the Pāli
The Prairie Wife
Operas Every Child Should Know: Descriptions of the Text and Music of Some of the Most Famous Masterpieces
The Mary Frances knitting and crocheting book : $b or, Adventures among the knitting people
Rhymes of a Rolling Stone
Trent's Last Case
Tales of War
Mavericks
Scally: The Story of a Perfect Gentleman
Ande Trembath: A Tale of Old Cornwall England
Lord Randolph Churchill
The Principles of Language-Study
The Awakening of the East: Siberia—Japan—China
Caruso and Tetrazzini on the Art of Singing
Creatures of the Night: A Book of Wild Life in Western Britain
Hempfield: A Novel
The Troll Garden, and Selected Stories
The outlaw of Torn
Angel Island
From a Terrace in Prague
Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes
The Comforts of Home
Poor Folk in Spain
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Gilbert K. Chesterton
Kilmeny of the Orchard
Old and New Masters
The Title Market
Devon, Its Moorlands, Streams and Coasts
The Seven Who Were Hanged
Manhood of Humanity.
Trench Ballads, and Other Verses
Mechanics: The Science of Machinery
Ancient Civilizations of Mexico and Central America: Third and Revised Edition
The Subspecies of the Mountain Chickadee
The Sick-a-Bed Lady: And Also Hickory Dock, The Very Tired Girl, The Happy-Day, Something That Happened in October, The Amateur Lover, Heart of The City, The Pink Sash, Woman's Only Business
The Colonization of North America, 1492-1783
"God Wills It!" A Tale of the First Crusade.
The Phantom Town Mystery
John Barleycorn
Reginald in Russia, and Other Sketches
The Unmasking of Robert-Houdin
Mary-'Gusta
The Russian Turmoil; Memoirs: Military, Social, and Political
Indian Birds: Being a Key to the Common Birds of the Plains of India
Poems & Poèmes; autres alliances
Good Stories for Great Holidays: Arranged for Story-Telling and Reading Aloud and for the Children's Own Reading
The Woman-Haters
Jane Austen, Her Life and Letters: A Family Record
Nobody
Men, Women and Ghosts
True Stories of Crime From the District Attorney's Office
Initiative Psychic Energy: Being the Sixth of a Series of Twelve Volumes on the; Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and; Business Efficiency
The History of a Lie: "The Protocols of the Wise Men of Zion"
Making Money
Stories from Northern Myths
Reginald
A Far Country — Complete
Winchester
The Great White Tribe in Filipinia
What Will People Say? A Novel
The Heart of Wessex
The haunted island : $b A pirate romance
The Old Front Line
The Anglo-French Entente in the Seventeenth Century
The Silent Readers: Sixth Reader
The Arts and Crafts of Older Spain, Volume 3 (of 3)
History of the Great American Fortunes, Vol. I: Conditions in Settlement and Colonial Times
Poems
The Land of Strong Men
The Sun Dance of the Blackfoot Indians
The Birds of Washington (Volume 1 of 2): A complete, scientific and popular account of the 372 species of birds found in the state
My Brilliant Career
Mysterious Japan
The secret of Father Brown
How little Bessie kept the wolf from the door
Clever Hans (The Horse of Mr. Von Osten): A contribution to experimental animal and human psychology
A Floating Home
Forest Trees of Texas: How to Know Them
Salt-Water Ballads
Love-at-arms : $b being a narrative excerpted from the chronicles of Urbino, during the dominion of the high and mighty Messer Guidobaldo da Montefeltro
Essays Before a Sonata
Roof and Meadow
The Story of Chartres
The Moon Maid
The Legends of the Jews — Volume 2
The Monster and Other Stories
Life and Letters of Thomas Cromwell, Vol. 1 of 2: Life, Letters to 1535
Tarzan the Terrible
The Age of Big Business: A Chronicle of the Captains of Industry
The sea-hawk
Boy Woodburn: A Story of the Sussex Downs
Magic: A Fantastic Comedy
Woman's Work in Music
'Oh, Well, You Know How Women Are!'
The Spell of Scotland
Giovanni Boccaccio, a Biographical Study
We of the Never-Never
A Dreamer's Tales
Ancient Manners; Also Known As Aphrodite
The Heritage of the Desert: A Novel
Love's Pilgrimage: A Novel
The Adventures of Chatterer the Red Squirrel
The Grateful Dead: The History of a Folk Story
The Arts and Crafts of Older Spain, Volume 1 (of 3)
The Strength of the Strong
In the Shadow of the Glen
A Poor Wise Man
One of Ours
Black Bartlemy's Treasure
King--of the Khyber Rifles: A Romance of Adventure
A Daughter of Raasay: A Tale of the '45
The Making of a Saint
Argentina
The Religion of Ancient Palestine in the Second Millenium B.C.
You can't win
The Last of the Plainsmen
Slippy McGee, Sometimes Known as the Butterfly Man
Piano Tuning: A Simple and Accurate Method for Amateurs
An African Adventure
Faces in the Fire, and Other Fancies
The Spider's Web
Cursed
Cobb's Anatomy
Tales of Fishes
With the Doughboy in France: A Few Chapters of an American Effort
The Motor Rangers Through the Sierras
History of Atchison County, Kansas
South Sea Tales
The Purple Heights
Oil! : $b A novel
The Story of Newfoundland
The Railway Builders: A Chronicle of Overland Highways
Rhymes of a Red Cross Man
Dangerous Days
A Miscellany of Men
The Life and Letters of Walter H. Page, Volume I
King Arthur and His Knights
The Three Mulla-mulgars
The Happy Hypocrite: A Fairy Tale for Tired Men
Boy Scouts in Glacier Park: The Adventures of Two Young Easterners in the Heart of the High Rockies
Tannhäuser : $b A story of all time
Figures of Earth: A Comedy of Appearances
The "Genius"
Beowulf: An Introduction to the Study of the Poem with a Discussion of the Stories of Offa and Finn
The Family at Misrule
The Story of Venus and Tannhäuser: A Romantic Novel
The master mind of Mars
The Lay of the Land
School and Home Cooking
The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man
Dürer
The White Elephant, and Other Tales From India
Education and the good life
The Clue of the Twisted Candle
The Spoilers
Alexander's Bridge
Electricity for the farm: Light, heat and power by inexpensive methods from the water wheel or farm engine
Freedom Through Disobedience
Knut Hamsun
In the Track of the Trades: The Account of a Fourteen Thousand Mile Yachting Cruise to the Hawaiis, Marquesas, Societies, Samoas and Fijis
Rich Man, Poor Man
A fighting man of Mars
The Mad King
The U. P. Trail
The Group Mind: A Sketch of the Principles of Collective Psychology: With Some Attempt to Apply Them to the Interpretation of National Life and Character
The life of Friedrich Nietzsche
Thirteen years at the Russian court: (a personal record of the last years and death of the Czar Nicholas II. and his family)
The Bombay City Police: A Historical Sketch, 1672-1916
The Legends of the Jews — Volume 4
The Bondboy
Vacation with the Tucker Twins
Grim: The Story of a Pike
South American Jungle Tales
Revelations of a Wife: The Story of a Honeymoon
The Poor Little Rich Girl
Journeys to Bagdad
The Highgrader
Back at School with the Tucker Twins
Satan's Diary
Pedagogical Anthropology
The Brass Check: A Study of American Journalism
Ballads of a Cheechako
Mother West Wind 'Why' Stories
The Child's World: Third Reader
Destiny
Lords of the North
Some Imagist Poets: An Anthology
On a Chinese Screen
Selected Poems by Robert Frost
Castles and Chateaux of Old Touraine and the Loire Country
The Drunkard
Long Live the King!
The Sculpture and Mural Decorations of the Exposition: A Pictorial Survey of the Art of the Panama-Pacific international exposition
Pastoral Poetry & Pastoral Drama: A Literary Inquiry, with Special Reference to the Pre-Restoration Stage in England
The Strength of Gideon and Other Stories
George Borrow: The Man and His Books
Grenfell: Knight-Errant of the North
Czechoslovak Fairy Tales
Mighty Mikko: A Book of Finnish Fairy Tales and Folk Tales
My African Journey
Life on a Mediaeval Barony: A Picture of a Typical Feudal Community in the Thirteenth Century
The gods of Mexico
Letters of a Woman Homesteader
Messengers of Evil: Being a Further Account of the Lures and Devices of Fantômas
Spanish Arms and Armour: Being a Historical and Descriptive Account of the Royal Armoury of Madrid
Petroleum
Tarzan and the Golden Lion
The Home Book of Verse — Volume 3
The Barbarism of Berlin
The Negrito and Allied Types in the Philippines and The Ilongot or Ibilao of Luzon
Furze the Cruel
Heroines of Service: Mary Lyon, Alice Freeman Palmer, Clara Barton, Frances Willard, Julia Ward Howe, Anna Shaw, Mary Antin, Alice C. Fletcher, Mary Slessor of Calabar, Madame Curie, Jane Addams
War is Kind
Bacon's Rebellion, 1676
Wolf and Coyote Trapping: An Up-to-Date Wolf Hunter's Guide: Giving the Most Successful Methods of Experienced "Wolfers" for Hunting and Trapping These Animals, Also Gives Their Habits in Detail.
Early American Plays, 1714-1830: A Compilation of the Titles of Plays and Dramatic Poems Written by Authors Born in or Residing in North America Previous to 1830
People of Destiny: Americans as I saw them at Home and Abroad
Old Indian Legends
Great Possessions
Steve Yeager
The Tale of Grandfather Mole
The Rustler of Wind River
Jungle Peace
Mental Radio
Dinosaurs, with Special Reference to the American Museum Collections
The Automobilist Abroad
The Cathedrals of Northern France
The Story of Lewis Carroll: Told for Young People by the Real Alice in Wonderland
Held by Chinese Brigands
Toy-Making at Home: How to Make a Hundred Toys from Odds and Ends
When the King Loses His Head, and Other Stories
The Life of Man: A Play in Five Acts
Project Gutenberg Complete Works of Winston Churchill
The Indiscreet Letter
The Voice of the People
Liza of Lambeth
Quin
The Petticoat Commando: Boer Women in Secret Service
The Bad Child's Book of Beasts
Turn About Eleanor
Negro Migration during the War
Officer 666
Great Ralegh
Building and Flying an Aeroplane: A practical handbook covering the design, construction, and operation of aeroplanes and gliders
The Boats of the "Glen Carrig": Being an account of their Adventures in the Strange places of the Earth, after the foundering of the good ship Glen Carrig through striking upon a hidden rock in the unknown seas to the Southward; as told by John Winterstraw, Gent., to his son James Winterstraw, in the year 1757, and by him committed very properly and legibly to manuscript
The Boy With the U.S. Miners
Association Football, and How To Play It
Royal Highness
The Spell of Belgium
Once upon a time animal stories
Bodily changes in pain, hunger, fear, and rage : $b an account of recent researches into the function of emotional excitement
Average Jones
The Adventures of Old Mr. Toad
An Onlooker in France 1917-1919
Erasmus and the Age of Reformation
This Simian World
The Tale of Jolly Robin
The Influence of the Bible on Civilisation
Tripping with the Tucker Twins
Ruysbroeck
Southern Spain, Painted by Trevor Haddon, Described by A. F. Calvert
The Development of Metaphysics in Persia: A Contribution to the History of Muslim Philosophy
Long Will
The Silent Battle
A United States Midshipman Afloat
Sailing ships : $b the story of their development from the earliest times to the present day
Deccan Nursery Tales; or, Fairy Tales from the South
Tales of lonely trails
Meissonier
The South Country
The Servile State
The Lakewood boys on the Lazy S
Michael, Brother of Jerry
100%: the Story of a Patriot
Windy McPherson's Son
A Study of the Topography and Municipal History of Praeneste
The Edda, Volume 2: The Heroic Mythology of the North; Popular Studies in Mythology, Romance, and Folklore, No. 13
Queen Victoria
The Westerners
Fore!
Wanted: A Husband. A Novel
The Lost Continent
General William Booth Enters into Heaven, and Other Poems
Cobb's Anatomy
Where the Souls of Men are Calling
Sumerian Liturgies and Psalms
Jacko and Jumpo Kinkytail (The Funny Monkey Boys)
Rambles in Brittany
The Golf Courses of the British Isles
Women of India
Essentials of woodworking : $b A textbook for schools
The Beauty and the Bolshevist
The Luck of Thirteen: Wanderings and Flight through Montenegro and Serbia
Oriental Encounters: Palestine and Syria, 1894-6
An Introduction to Shakespeare
Queens of the French Stage
The Crimson Gardenia and Other Tales of Adventure
Camp and Trail
English Costume
A Brief Bible History: A Survey of the Old and New Testaments
British Flags: Their Early History, and Their Development at Sea: With an Account of the Origin of the Flag as a National Device
The Eternal Boy: Being the Story of the Prodigious Hickey
Essays on the Greek Romances
The Merry-go-round
The Rustlers of Pecos County
The Ideal Bartender
Kościuszko: A Biography
Titanic
The Transgression of Andrew Vane: A Novel
The Spell of the Hawaiian Islands and the Philippines
The Phantom Yacht
Footprints of Former Men in Far Cornwall
The Bishop's Apron: A study in the origins of a great family
The tale of Mistah Mule
Wildfire
Kazan
Victorian worthies : $b sixteen biographies
Oh, You Tex!
Werwolves
He Who Gets Slapped: A Play in Four Acts
The Man Who Lived in a Shoe
The Goose-step: A Study of American Education
The psychology of speculation : $b The human element in stock market transactions
Red Masquerade: Being the Story of the Lone Wolf's Daughter
The Sport of the Gods
With Manchesters in the East
The Jews
Tanar of Pellucidar
Burning Daylight
The Works of Max Beerbohm
The Man Who Knew
The Wall Street Girl
Ladies and Gentlemen
Mother West Wind "When" Stories
Our Home and Personal Duty
At the Earth's Core
Widdershins
South America
Tales of the Ridings
More Tales of the Ridings
Little Jack Rabbit and the Squirrel Brothers
The Fighting Edge
The Unveiling of Lhasa
Dumas' Paris
The Blue Rose Fairy Book
Old Tavern Signs: An Excursion in the History of Hospitality
Lost Diaries
The Adventures of Sammy Jay
"Billy" Sunday, the Man and His Message: With his own words which have won thousands for Christ
Hunting with the Bow & Arrow
Old Greek Folk Stories Told Anew
The Ghost Pirates
Twelve Types
The measurement of intelligence : $b an explanation of and a complete guide for the use of the Standard revision and extension of the Binet-Simon intelligence scale
The Woman with a Stone Heart: A Romance of the Philippine War
The Supernatural in Modern English Fiction
Steamships and their story
A Romance of Billy-Goat Hill
Ben Blair: The Story of a Plainsman
The Religion of Numa: And Other Essays on the Religion of Ancient Rome
Adventures of Bindle
The Black Riders, and Other Lines
Human Bullets: A Soldier's Story of Port Arthur
Vignettes: A Miniature Journal of Whim and Sentiment
Olympic Victor Monuments and Greek Athletic Art
The Man in Lower Ten
Normandy: The Scenery & Romance of Its Ancient Towns, Complete
Children of the Frost
Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande: A Guide to the Opera with Musical Examples from the Score
The Halo
Virginia
The Prairie Child
A Prairie Infanta
The adventures of Kimble Bent: A story of wild life in the New Zealand bush
The Art & Practice of Typography: A Manual of American Printing, Including a Brief History up to the Twentieth Century, with Reproductions of the Work of Early Masters of the Craft, and a Practical Discussion and an Extensive Demonstration of the Modern Use of Type-faces and Methods of Arrangement
Modern Greek Folklore and Ancient Greek Religion: A Study in Survivals
Hermione and Her Little Group of Serious Thinkers
Whitefoot the Wood Mouse
The Boy Aviators in Africa; Or, an Aerial Ivory Trail
Sidelights on Relativity
Three Lives: Stories of The Good Anna, Melanctha and The Gentle Lena
The Walking Delegate
Our Little Swedish Cousin
Liliom : $b a legend in seven scenes and a prologue
The English Lakes
London to Ladysmith via Pretoria
Kings, Queens and Pawns: An American Woman at the Front
The Adventures of Unc' Billy Possum
The Fight for a Free Sea: A Chronicle of the War of 1812: The Chronicles of America Series, Volume 17
Exeter
The Pagan Madonna
Baseball Joe, Captain of the Team; or, Bitter Struggles on the Diamond
Burgundy: The Splendid Duchy. Stories and Sketches in South Burgundy
Icarus; or, The Future of Science
Cabin Fever
The Crimes of England
Barks and Purrs
Putnam's Word Book: A Practical Aid in Expressing Ideas Through the Use of an Exact and Varied Vocabulary
The Tale of Buster Bumblebee
The Romance of Old New England Rooftrees
The Fighting Shepherdess
Love Among the Ruins
Wanderer of the Wasteland
Lost on Venus
The People That Time Forgot
Native Life in South Africa: Before and Since the European War and the Boer Rebellion
Satan
Skippy Bedelle: His Sentimental Progress From the Urchin to the Complete Man of the World
The North-West Amazons: Notes of some months spent among cannibal tribes
Behind the Screen
Pharos and Pharillon
The Flying U's Last Stand
The Son of the Wolf
The Troubadours
The Rules of the Game
Taboo and Genetics: A Study of the Biological, Sociological and Psychological Foundation of the Family
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Winchester: A Description of Its Fabric and a Brief History of the Episcopal See
When Patty Went to College
The Ocean Wireless Boys and the Naval Code
New England and the Bavarian Illuminati
The Riverman
Sister Carrie
Jurgen: A Comedy of Justice
The Psychology of Nations: A Contribution to the Philosophy of History
The Daffodil Mystery
Prisoners of Hope: A Tale of Colonial Virginia
Boys' Book of Frontier Fighters
An Introduction to the History of Japan
Rough-Hewn
Industrial Arts Design: A Textbook of Practical Methods for Students, Teachers, and Craftsmen
Millet
The Dreadnought Boys on Battle Practice
The Sexual Life of Our Time in Its Relations to Modern Civilization: Translated from the Sixth German Edition
The Iceberg Express
On Something
The Brimming Cup
The Relief of Mafeking: How it Was Accomplished by Mahon's Flying Column; with an Account of Some Earlier Episodes in the Boer War of 1899-1900
Sea Poems
The Story of Assisi
Henry Is Twenty: A Further Episodic History of Henry Calverly, 3rd
Torquemada and the Spanish Inquisition: A History
The World's Illusion, Volume 2 (of 2): Ruth
The Shadowy Third, and Other Stories
Alexander's Bridge
Lightfoot the Deer
King Coal : $b a novel
The Last Trail
Evesham
The Burglar and the Blizzard: A Christmas Story
Women of Modern France
Hindu gods and heroes : $b studies in the history of the religion of India
ASCE 1193: The Water-Works and Sewerage of Monterrey, N. L., Mexico: The 4th article from the June, 1911, Volume LXXII, Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers. Paper No. 1193, Feb. 1, 1911.
Under the Turk in Constantinople: A record of Sir John Finch's Embassy, 1674-1681
The Underdogs: A Novel of the Mexican Revolution
The Great Doctrines of the Bible
What Germany Thinks; Or, The War as Germans see it
By Advice of Counsel
A Gunner Aboard the "Yankee": From the Diary of Number Five of the After Port Gun (Russell Doubleday): The Yarn of the Cruise and Fights of the Naval Reserves in the Spanish-American War
Animal Ghosts; Or, Animal Hauntings and the Hereafter
Reflections of a Bachelor Girl
The Man Who Couldn't Sleep
The Charm of Ireland
The Coming of Coal
Molly Brown of Kentucky
Legends of Loudoun: An account of the history and homes of a border county of Virginia's Northern Neck
Switzerland
The Bolsheviki and World Peace
The Story of Rolf and the Viking's Bow
Contemporary Composers
The Polly Page Ranch Club
Bess of the Woods
The Art of Conversation: Twelve Golden Rules
Tarzan, lord of the jungle
The Lion's Skin
The Psychology of Beauty
Heralds of Empire: Being the Story of One Ramsay Stanhope, Lieutenant to Pierre Radisson in the Northern Fur Trade
Canada: the Empire of the North: Being the Romantic Story of the New Dominion's Growth from Colony to Kingdom
The Angel of Terror
Some Everyday Folk and Dawn
Famous Privateersmen and Adventurers of the Sea: Their rovings, cruises, escapades, and fierce battling upon the ocean for patriotism and for treasure
Small gardens, and how to make the most of them
Alec Lloyd, Cowpuncher
Fox Trapping: A Book of Instruction Telling How to Trap, Snare, Poison and Shoot: A Valuable Book for Trappers
Roadtown
The Lone Wolf Returns
Marie Antoinette
The sea mystery : $b An Inspector French detective story
The Oakdale Affair
The Unbearable Bassington
The Legends of the Jews — Volume 3
The Aran Islands
Blacky the Crow
The Adventures of Prickly Porky
Lourdes
In Red and Gold
The Old East Indiamen
Margaret Sanger: an autobiography.
Tarzan and the Ant Men
Tarzan at the Earth's core
A History of the United States
The Life of the Party
It, and Other Stories
Silver and Gold: A Story of Luck and Love in a Western Mining Camp
The African Colony: Studies in the Reconstruction
Canada: Its Postage Stamps and Postal Stationery
The Tale of Reddy Woodpecker
K
Murder in Any Degree
What the Schools Teach and Might Teach
Florence and Northern Tuscany with Genoa: With Sixteen Illustrations in Colour by William Parkinson and Sixteen Other Illustrations, Second Edition
Bamboo Tales
The Ground Plan of the English Parish Church
The Message
Cathedrals of Spain
Dick Hamilton's Fortune; Or, The Stirring Doings of a Millionaire's Son
Puss Junior and Robinson Crusoe
Last Words
The Life of Mrs. Humphry Ward
For the White Christ: A Story of the Days of Charlemagne
Chinese pottery and porcelain; vol. 2. Ming and Ch'ing Porcelain
The Cheyne mystery
The Spirit of the Border: A Romance of the Early Settlers in the Ohio Valley
The Amazing Interlude
The Range Dwellers
Wonderwings and other Fairy Stories
Ten Boys from History
Civil War and Reconstruction in Alabama
A Case in Camera
The Mutiny of the Elsinore
The Border Legion
Tales of Three Hemispheres
The Sorcery Club
The Miracle Man
Mother West Wind's Children
Bulgaria
The Goose Man
Finn The Wolfhound
Applied Psychology: Driving Power of Thought: Being the Third in a Series of Twelve Volumes on the Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and Business Efficiency
The Long Lane's Turning
The Personality of American Cities
An essay on the foundations of geometry
Croatian Tales of Long Ago
The Street of Seven Stars
A Christmas Garland
A Bird Calendar for Northern India
The Magnificent Montez: From Courtesan to Convert
Chivalry
The Cruise of the Shining Light
An Outline of Russian Literature
Familiar Faces
Inspector French's greatest case
Tales of the Fish Patrol
American Negro Slavery: A Survey of the Supply, Employment and Control of Negro Labor as Determined by the Plantation Regime
Analyzing Character: The New Science of Judging Men; Misfits in Business, the Home and Social Life
Woman and Womanhood: A Search for Principles
Appreciations and Criticisms of the Works of Charles Dickens
The Tale of Jimmy Rabbit: Sleepy-TimeTales
Wonder Stories: The Best Myths for Boys and Girls
King Lear's Wife; The Crier by Night; The Riding to Lithend; Midsummer-Eve; Laodice and Danaë
The Book of Cheese
Tom Slade on the River
Myths & Legends of Babylonia & Assyria
Birds of the Plains
Meteorology: The Science of the Atmosphere
Charles Dickens: A critical study
The West Riding Territorials in the Great War
The Starvel Hollow tragedy : $b An Inspector French case
The Breaking Point
The Uphill Climb
Mother West Wind "How" Stories
In Flanders Fields
The Explorer
Steam Turbines: A Book of Instruction for the Adjustment and Operation of the Principal Types of this Class of Prime Movers
The Wheat Princess
Uncle Wiggily's Squirt Gun; Or, Jack Frost Icicle Maker: And, Uncle Wiggily's Queer Umbrellas, also, Uncle Wiggily's Lemonade Stand
Shackleton's Last Voyage: The Story of the Quest
The Lakewood boys in the frozen North
When a man's a man
Violence and the Labor Movement
The Old Road
By order of the company
Hearts of Three
Wild Roses: A Tale of the Rockies
The Return
The Inside of the Cup — Complete
The Real Adventure
A Hundred Anecdotes of Animals
Old Junk
Heart Talks
Out of the Depths: A Romance of Reclamation
The Boarded-Up House
Merchantmen-at-arms : the British merchants' service in the war
An Introduction to the Philosophy of Law
The Shogun's Daughter
Early Typography
A Story Garden for Little Children
Fables for the Frivolous
Uncle Wiggily's Travels
The Clarion
The Backwash of War: The Human Wreckage of the Battlefield as Witnessed by an American Hospital Nurse
The Fifth Queen Crowned
Manual of American grape-growing
Into the Primitive
Abroad at Home: American Ramblings, Observations, and Adventures of Julian Street
Excuse Me!
The Icknield Way
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Sir Winston Spencer Churchill
A daughter of the Samurai
Ballads of a Bohemian
Europe and the Faith: "Sine auctoritate nulla vita"
The Love Affairs of Great Musicians, Volume 2
The Ideal Bartender
When William Came
War Brides: A Play in One Act
The Canadian: Photoplay title of The Land of Promise
Tell Me Another Story: The Book of Story Programs
The Bird Study Book
Bobby of Cloverfield Farm
The Gods of Mars
Hidden Water
Fur Farming: A book of Information about Fur Bearing Animals, Enclosures, Habits, Care, etc.
That Little Girl of Miss Eliza's: A Story for Young People
The Passing of the Turkish Empire in Europe
The Adventures of Bob White
The Story of the Sun: New York, 1833-1918
Betty Wales, B. A.: A story for girls
The ships and sailors of old Salem : $b the record of a brilliant era of American achievement
1492
The Eve of the Revolution; A Chronicle of the Breach with England
Maida's Little Shop
The Passaic Flood of 1903
The Silver Maple
The Fifth Queen: And How She Came to Court
The Secret of Lonesome Cove
A Civic Biology, Presented in Problems
Castles and Chateaux of Old Burgundy
Manual for the Solution of Military Ciphers
The Duke in the Suburbs
The World's Illusion, Volume 1 (of 2): Eva
The Grandeur That Was Rome: a survey of Roman culture and civilisation
The cave girl
The mothercraft manual
The Ponson case
Angel Esquire
The Crossing
Betty Zane
And Even Now
The World War and What was Behind It; Or, The Story of the Map of Europe
Bowser the Hound
A Ballad of John Silver
Chinese Painters: A Critical Study
The Vagrant Duke
Roy Blakeley in the Haunted Camp
Commercialized Prostitution in New York City
Antarctic Penguins: A Study of Their Social Habits
Girls of Highland Hall: Further Adventures of the Dandelion Cottagers
The Old First Massachusetts Coast Artillery in War and Peace
Tanks in the Great War, 1914-1918
Gallipoli
The Republic of Ragusa: An Episode of the Turkish Conquest
Admiral's Light
Boys' Make-at-Home Things
The Freebooters of the Wilderness
The Escape of Mr. Trimm: His Plight and other Plights
Left Guard Gilbert
Shakespeare and Music
Washington's Road (Nemacolin's path) the First Chapter of the Old French War
A Treatise Upon the Law of Copyright in the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the Crown,: and in the United States of America Containing a Full Appendix of All Acts of Parliament International Conventions, Orders in Council, Treasury Minute and Acts of Congress Now in Force.
Back Home: Being the Narrative of Judge Priest and His People
The Adventures of Bobby Coon
The Book of Herbs
How to Tell Stories to Children, and Some Stories to Tell
The Ne'er-Do-Well
Chip, of the Flying U
By What Authority?
Potash and Perlmutter Settle Things
Left End Edwards
Life in the Medieval University
With Wolseley to Kumasi: A Tale of the First Ashanti War
When 'Bear Cat' Went Dry
A Blot on the Scutcheon
The Salamander
Mushroom Town
Frontier Ballads
Center Rush Rowland
Early English Hero Tales
The Puppet Show of Memory
Theory and Practice of Piano Construction: With a Detailed, Practical Method for Tuning
The Savage South Seas
Out of Time's Abyss
Through the Iron Bars: Two Years of German Occupation in Belgium
Boy Scouts in Southern Waters; Or, Spaniard's Treasure Chest
The Nervous Child
The Squirrel-Cage
A History of Mediaeval Jewish Philosophy
Byways of Ghost-Land
The Idyl of Twin Fires
Being Well-Born: An Introduction to Eugenics
The Romance of Modern Invention: Containing Interesting Descriptions in Non-technical Language of Wireless Telegraphy, Liquid Air, Modern Artillery, Submarines, Dirigible Torpedoes, Solar Motors, Airships, &c. &c.
Ian Hamilton's March
The Circle: A Comedy in Three Acts
The Kingdom of Slender Swords
In the Morning Glow: Short Stories
The Fantastic Clan: The Cactus Family
Time Telling through the Ages
Under the Hill, and Other Essays in Prose and Verse
Prester John
The Well of the Saints: A Comedy in Three Acts
The Pit-Prop Syndicate
Courts and Criminals
The Boy with the U. S. Weather Men
In the Mist of the Mountains
Insects and Diseases: A Popular Account of the Way in Which Insects may Spread or Cause some of our Common Diseases
The Coming of the Law
Politics of Alabama
Cedric, the Forester
Flower o' the Peach
Capitals of the Northlands: Tales of Ten Cities
The Adopting of Rosa Marie: (A Sequel to Dandelion Cottage)
The Book of Old-Fashioned Flowers: And Other Plants Which Thrive in the Open-Air of England
The Little Angel, and Other Stories
The Vikings
The Story of the Woman's Party
Wars & Treaties, 1815 to 1914
The Illiterate Digest
Enoch Soames: A Memory of the Eighteen-Nineties
The Sequel of Appomattox: A Chronicle of the Reunion of the States
Australia Felix
King Midas: a Romance
Samuel the Seeker
Christianity and Islam
Stories to Tell Children: Fifty-Four Stories With Some Suggestions For Telling
The Soldier of the Valley
Frontier Boys in Frisco
Laurence Sterne in Germany: A Contribution to the Study of the Literary Relations of; England and Germany in the Eighteenth Century
The Girl Scouts at Sea Crest; Or, the Wig Wag Rescue
Vistas in Sicily
Buff: A Collie, and Other Dog-Stories
The Priest and the Acolyte: With an Introductory Protest by Stuart Mason
A Modern Chronicle — Complete
The Evolution of the Dragon
Steve and the Steam Engine
The Place of Honeymoons
Sunlight Patch
"I Believe" and other essays
Uncle Wiggily's Auto Sled: or, How Mr. Hedgehog Helped Him Get Up the Slippery Hill; and, How Uncle Wiggily Made a Snow Pudding. Also, What Happened in the Snow Fort
Savrola: A Tale of the Revolution in Laurania
The PanGerman Plot Unmasked: Berlin's formidable peace-trap of "the drawn war"
Buddenbrooks, volume 2 of 2
Research methods in ecology
Cap'n Eri
Lonesome Land
Dragon's blood
Youth and the Bright Medusa
The King's Arrow: A Tale of the United Empire Loyalists
Where the Strange Trails Go Down: Sulu, Borneo, Celebes, Bali, Java, Sumatra, Straits Settlements, Malay States, Siam, Cambodia, Annam, Cochin-China
Child and Country: A Book of the Younger Generation
Ducks and Geese
The Plowshare and the Sword: A Tale of Old Quebec
Lonesome Town
G. H. Q. (Montreuil-Sur-Mer) by "G.S.O."
The Old Soak, and Hail And Farewell
The Colonial Clippers
Backwater: Pilgrimage, Volume 2
The Race of the Swift
Gem-Stones and Their Distinctive Characters
The land of hidden men
The Metropolis
Varied Types
The Story of Baden-Powell: 'The Wolf That Never Sleeps'
Observations of an Orderly: Some Glimpses of Life and Work in an English War Hospital
How to Teach Phonics
The Pirate of Panama: A Tale of the Fight for Buried Treasure
The Hero
Blue-grass and Broadway
Mrs. Fitz
The Great Gold Rush: A Tale of the Klondike
The Mary Frances Garden Book; or, Adventures Among the Garden People
The Substitute Millionaire
The Outlaws of Cave-in-Rock: Historical Accounts of the Famous Highwaymen and River Pirates
The other Miller girl
The Adventures of Jerry Muskrat
Richard Carvel — Complete
Treasure and Trouble Therewith: A Tale of California
Liberalism and the Social Problem
The Holladay case : $b a tale
The Tale of Betsy Butterfly: Tuck-Me-In Tales
The Aeroplane Speaks. Fifth Edition
Letters on an Elk Hunt
The Ranch Girls at Rainbow Lodge
The Balkan Peninsula
The duel
On the Edge of the Primeval Forest: Experiences and Observations of a Doctor in Equatorial Africa
The home-maker
Shavings: A Novel
The Auction Block
Mrs. Peter Rabbit
Poor White: A Novel
The War After the War
Roy Blakeley, Pathfinder
Visions and Revisions: A Book of Literary Devotions
The Dixie Book of Days
Shameless Wayne: A Romance of the last Feud of Wayne and Ratcliffe
Flying Machines Today
Beautiful Wales
The Mary Frances first aid book : $b with ready reference list of ordinary accidents and illnesses, and approved home remedies
Autobiography of an Androgyne
Cutting and draping : $b a practical handbook for upholsterers and decorators
Tarzan and the lost empire
The Snare
Revolution, and Other Essays
The Moneychangers
The Cruise of the Dazzler
Molly Make-Believe
Bindle: Some Chapters in the Life of Joseph Bindle
Ginseng and Other Medicinal Plants: A Book of Valuable Information for Growers as Well as Collectors of Medicinal Roots, Barks, Leaves, Etc.
Cæsar's Wife: A Comedy in Three Acts
Dr. Grenfell's Parish: The Deep Sea Fisherman
A Dreamer's Tales
In Pursuit of Spring
By Scarlet Torch and Blade
The book of witches
Father Duffy's story : $b a tale of humor and heroism, of life and death with the Fighting Sixty-ninth
Simple Italian Cookery
The Happy Family
American Men of Action
The Influence of India and Persia on the Poetry of Germany
George Bernard Shaw
The Tyranny of Weakness
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse
William Shakespeare
Applied Psychology: Making Your Own World: Being the Second of a Series of Twelve Volumes on the; Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and; Business Efficiency
A Woman's Experiences in the Great War
The Reform of Education
The Nameless Island: A Story of Some Modern Robinson Crusoes
A Day at a Time, and Other Talks on Life and Religion
After the Divorce: A Romance
Inventions of the Great War
Mary Jane in New England
A history of commerce
Kabuki : $b The popular stage of Japan
The rebellion of the Princess
The Adventures of Jimmie Dale
Mark Twain
Light
The silent places
The women of the Caesars
The Listeners and Other Poems
The Niagara River
Much Ado About Peter
A Chesterton Calendar: Compiled from the writings of 'G.K.C.' both in verse and in prose. With a section apart for the moveable feasts.
The Walls of Constantinople
Our Part in the Great War
The Philosophy of Immanuel Kant
Philosophical Studies
The Pride of Eve
Uncle Wiggily's Fortune
The Three Just Men
The long arm of the Mounted
A Study of Association in Insanity
Romance Island
Fair Harbor
Queensland Cousins
The Curlytops and Their Playmates; Or, Jolly Times Through the Holidays
The Keepers of the King's Peace
Wonderwings and other Fairy Stories
Submarine U93
A Moral Alphabet
Many Fronts
Titian
Wine-Dark Seas and Tropic Skies: Reminiscences and a Romance of the South Seas
G. F. Watts
Miracle Mongers and Their Methods: A Complete Exposé of the Modus Operandi of Fire Eaters, Heat Resisters, Poison Eaters, Venomous Reptile Defiers, Sword Swallowers, Human Ostriches, Strong Men, Etc.
Old English libraries : $b the making, collection, and use of books during the Middle Ages
Bucky O'Connor: A Tale of the Unfenced Border
The Life of George Borrow
The Fight for the Republic in China
The Gentleman: A Romance of the Sea
Yorkshire
Robert Browning
Imperium in Imperio: A Study of the Negro Race Problem. A Novel
The Boy With the U. S. Foresters
The Hand in the Dark
Civics and Health
The City of Beautiful Nonsense
The Golden Bough
Ancient Man in Britain
With Wellington in Spain: A Story of the Peninsula
Our Square and the People in It
Batik and other pattern dyeing
The Sin That Was His
The Queen Who Flew: A Fairy Tale
Call Mr. Fortune
The Defeat of Varus and the German Frontier Policy of Augustus
Notes on Noses
Are Parents People?
Fortune's Fool
Bellarion the Fortunate : $b a romance
The village labourer, 1760-1832: A study in the government of England before the Reform Bill
Under the desert stars : $b A novel
Lost ships and lonely seas
Wyoming: A Story of the Outdoor West
The Bat
Pee-wee Harris
The Eagle's Shadow
The Definite Object: A Romance of New York
The Life and Adventures of Kit Carson, the Nestor of the Rocky Mountains, from Facts Narrated by Himself
Power of Mental Imagery: Being the Fifth of a Series of Twelve Volumes on the; Applications of Psychology to the Problems of Personal and; Business Efficiency
The Elements of Blowpipe Analysis
Turning and Boring: A specialized treatise for machinists, students in the industrial and engineering schools, and apprentices, on turning and boring methods, including modern practice with engine lathes, turret lathes, vertical and horizontal boring machines
The Ranch Girls in Europe
The Myrtle Reed Cook Book
Treasure of Kings: Being the Story of the Discovery of the "Big Fish," or the Quest of the Greater Treasure of the Incas of Peru.
The Airship "Golden Hind"
The Slipper Point Mystery
Chardin
Bird Guide: Water Birds, Game Birds, and Birds of Prey East of the Rockies
Lion and Dragon in Northern China
The life of Midhat Pasha; a record of his services, political reforms, banishment, and judicial murder
The Mary Frances Story Book; or, Adventures Among the Story People
Little Alfred
Daily stories of Pennsylvania : $b prepared for publication in the leading daily newspapers of the state...
The Strolling Saint; being the confessions of the high and mighty Agostino D'Anguissola, tyrant of Mondolfo and Lord of Carmina, in the state of Piacenza
Told in the East
The grizzly king : $b a romance of the wild
Everyday Foods in War Time
Rose of Old Harpeth
Mother West Wind "Where" Stories
The 28th: A Record of War Service in the Australian Imperial Force, 1915-19, Vol. I: Egypt, Gallipoli, Lemnos Island, Sinai Peninsula
The Ghost Breaker: A Novel Based Upon the Play
A Virginia Scout
The Woman and the Right to Vote
The Modern Railroad
The Meaning of Faith
The Great Airship: A Tale of Adventure.
Boys and Girls of Colonial Days
The Fall of the Year
Zut, and Other Parisians
The Motor Routes of England: Western Section
The Book of the Sailboat: How to rig, sail and handle small boats
For the Story Teller: Story Telling and Stories to Tell
Ships & Ways of Other Days
In the wake of the buccaneers
The Great Hunger
Yorkshire—Coast and Moorland Scenes
The Fight for the Republic in China
Potash & Perlmutter: Their Copartnership Ventures and Adventures
Peeps At Many Lands: Australia
English Verse: Specimens Illustrating its Principles and History
A Guide for the Study of Animals
A Maid of the Kentucky Hills
Piano Playing, with Piano Questions Answered
Rodmoor: A Romance
Ancient Egyptian, Assyrian, and Persian costumes and decorations
In the Strange South Seas
Two Men: A Romance of Sussex
Some do not...: A novel
Old Indian trails
The Tarzan twins
Jerry of the Islands
In the Ranks of the C.I.V.
Dutch Courage and Other Stories
The Land of the Black Mountain: The Adventures of Two Englishmen in Montenegro
The Right Stuff: Some Episodes in the Career of a North Briton
From Place to Place
The Uncalled: A Novel
Edge of the Jungle
Birds in the Calendar
Government in the United States, National, State and Local
John Burnet of Barns: A Romance
Portage Paths: The Keys of the Continent
The Spell of Japan
A Little Candy Book for a Little Girl
The Dreadnought of the Air
Oxford and Its Story
In Search of Mademoiselle
A Maid of Brittany: A Romance
Dictionary of Explosives
Some Haunted Houses of England & Wales.
The Light Invisible
A Handbook of Cookery for a Small House
The garden as a picture
Bab: A Sub-Deb
Indian Legends of Vancouver Island
Miss Lulu Bett
The Wolf Hunters: A Tale of Adventure in the Wilderness
Stephen A. Douglas: A Study in American Politics
The Quirt
The Laughing Prince: Jugoslav Folk and Fairy Tales
The Four-Pools Mystery
The Tale of Turkey Proudfoot: Slumber-Town Tales
Indian Conjuring
Paul and the Printing Press
Waterloo
Menotah: A Tale of the Riel Rebellion
Why Marry?
Aspects of Modern Opera: Estimates and Inquiries
The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp
Veiled Women
Obstetrical Nursing: A Text-Book on the Nursing Care of the Expectant Mother, the Woman in Labor, the Young Mother and Her Baby
The Village
Industrial Poisoning from Fumes, Gases and Poisons of Manufacturing Processes
The Russian Ballet
The house of bondage
Wanderings in Wessex: An Exploration of the Southern Realm from Itchen to Otter
African Camp Fires
With the Boer Forces
The Adventures of Paddy Beaver
The Drone: A Play in Three Acts
The Story of Glass
Blazed trail stories, and Stories of the wild life
The Tale of Ferdinand Frog
Tales of the Fish Patrol
Tharon of Lost Valley
If Any Man Sin
The Railroad Problem
The Air Pirate
The Inner Consciousness: How to Awaken and Direct It
Filippo Lippi
The Library Assistant's Manual
The peaches of New York
The King Behind the King
The dark
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Edgar Rice Burroughs
Constantinople old and new
The Young Forester
Cap'n Warren's Wards
Triumph of the Egg, and Other Stories
The Desert of Wheat
The Eyes of the World
The Adventures of Kathlyn
Abe and Mawruss: Being Further Adventures of Potash and Perlmutter
Stories of Birds
Fundamentals of Prosperity: What They Are and Whence They Come
Boy Scouts in the North Sea; Or, The Mystery of a Sub
The Art of Stage Dancing: The Story of a Beautiful and Profitable Profession
A Letter to American Workingmen, from the Socialist Soviet Republic of Russia
Lincoln, the Politician
The Rocky Mountain Wonderland
The Magic Curtain: A Mystery Story for Girls
Wounds in the rain: War stories
The Red Tavern
The Adventures of Old Man Coyote
The Autobiography of Upton Sinclair
The Deseado Formation of Patagonia
Danny's Own Story
The Human Drift
Cæsar or Nothing
Understanding the Scriptures
Elves and Heroes
The Uncrowned King
Audrey
The Bible Period by Period: A Manual for the Study of the Bible by Periods
The Half-Hearted
Georges Guynemer: Knight of the Air
Tenting To-night: A Chronicle of Sport and Adventure in Glacier Park and the Cascade Mountains
Overland Red: A Romance of the Moonstone Cañon Trail
Historic Ghosts and Ghost Hunters
Miss Million's Maid: A Romance of Love and Fortune
A Cadet's Honor: Mark Mallory's Heroism
The Archaeology of the Yakima Valley
The Seven Ages of Man
Riddle of the Storm: A Mystery Story for Boys
Our Little Finnish Cousin
The post-girl
A Book on Vegetable Dyes
The Professor's House
The eternal savage
The Lakewood boys in the South Sea islands
The Vision Splendid
The Profits of Religion, Fifth Edition
The Tale of Solomon Owl
The Secret House
Dickens' London
Gold
An Australian Bird Book: A Pocket Book for Field Use
In the Andamans and Nicobars: The Narrative of a Cruise in the Schooner "Terrapin"
Delacroix
Beginners' Book in Language. A Book for the Third Grade
Rubber
Schopenhauer
English Industries of the Middle Ages: Being an Introduction to the Industrial History of Medieval England
From Peking to Mandalay: A Journey from North China to Burma through Tibetan Ssuch'uan and Yunnan
The Touch of Abner
The Astonishing Adventure of Jane Smith
Monarchs of minstrelsy, from "Daddy" Rice to date
The Redheaded Outfield, and Other Baseball Stories
The Fortune Hunter
Fun and Nonsense
Stories of Ships and the Sea
More Tish
Adventures in the Arts: Informal Chapters on Painters, Vaudeville, and Poets
The Complex Vision
Maxim Gorki
Songs of a Sourdough
More Beasts (For Worse Children)
A Handful of Stars: Texts That Have Moved Great Minds
Little Jack Rabbit's Adventures
The Siege of Boston
The Strange Cases of Dr. Stanchon
Malplaquet
I Walked in Arden
Ghostly Phenomena
Lawrence
Happy House
The Wonder-Child: An Australian Story
War and the Arme Blanche
Greeks & Barbarians
The Other Man
The Historical Nights' Entertainment: First Series
The tavern knight
Love Stories
Violin Mastery: Talks with Master Violinists and Teachers
Little Eve Edgarton
The Luck of the Mounted: A Tale of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police
The Curious Book of Birds
The Courage of Marge O'Doone
Tom Slade's Double Dare
Peace on Earth, Good-will to Dogs
On the Heels of De Wet
Book-Lovers, Bibliomaniacs and Book Clubs
American Men of Mind
The Book of All-Power
Fibble, D.D.
'Me--Smith'
Women of Early Christianity
The Girl at Central
The Story of the Rome, Watertown, and Ogdensburg Railroad
The Great Acceptance: The Life Story of F. N. Charrington
Gabrielle of the Lagoon: A Romance of the South Seas
The Boy Scouts at the Panama-Pacific Exposition
India for Indians: Enlarged Edition
The Camp Fire Girls by the Blue Lagoon
Children of Men
A Life of Walt Whitman
The Watcher by the Threshold
The Praying Skipper, and Other Stories
The House of the Secret (La maison des hommes vivants)
An economic interpretation of the Constitution of the United States
By motor to the Golden Gate
Experimental glass blowing for boys
The Flying U Ranch
Children of the Whirlwind
The Harlequinade: An Excursion
Woman and the New Race
The Leopard Woman
Buried Cities, Volume 3: Mycenae
The Story of the Cambrian: A Biography of a Railway
Ten American Girls from History
The Approach to Philosophy
The Prairie Mother
The Valley of Silent Men: A Story of the Three River Country
Through Our Unknown Southwest: The Wonderland of the United States—Little Known and Unappreciated—The Home of the Cliff Dweller and the Hopi, the Forest Ranger and the Navajo,—The Lure of the Painted Desert
Puss in Boots, Jr., and the Good Gray Horse
Yolanda of Cyprus
A History of Literary Criticism in the Renaissance: With special reference to the influence of Italy in the formation and development of modern classicism
Treading the narrow way
A Crooked Mile
The Golden Boys and Their New Electric Cell
The Phantom Airman
On the Iron at Big Cloud
Adam & Eve & Pinch Me
The coming
The Depot Master
Taboo: A Legend Retold from the Dirghic of Sævius Nicanor, with; Prolegomena, Notes, and a Preliminary Memoir
The Good Comrade
In the World War
The Adventures of Jimmy Skunk
The Congo
Brand Blotters
Orientations
The Cathedrals and Churches of the Rhine
The Night Operator
The Psychology of Arithmetic
Friar Tuck: Being the Chronicles of the Reverend John Carmichael, of Wyoming, U. S. A.
New York Sketches
An Idyll of All Fools' Day
Psychoanalysis, Sleep and Dreams
The Call of the South
Gypsy Flight: A Mystery Story for Girls
The Mercy of Allah
Norma Kent of the WACS
A Gentleman of Courage: A Novel of the Wilderness
The Charm of Gardens
Balloons, Airships, and Flying Machines
The Power-House
William Blake
Synonyms and antonyms : $b An alphabetical list of words in common use, grouped with others of similar and opposite meaning
Four Weeks in the Trenches: The War Story of a Violinist
Graf von Loeben and the Legend of Lorelei: From "Modern Philology" vol. 13 (1915)
Household Gods: A Comedy
The Melting of Molly
Mother Stories
On the Spanish Main; Or, Some English forays on the Isthmus of Darien
With the British Army in The Holy Land
Socialism as it is : $b a survey of the world-wide revolutionary movement
Pan-Islam
The Roof Tree
When the West Was Young
The Farmer and His Community
A Guide to Men: Being Encore Reflections of a Bachelor Girl
The Plow-Woman
Rollo in Society: A Guide for Youth
Three Plays by Granville-Barker: The Marrying of Ann Leete; The Voysey Inheritance; Waste
Some Imagist Poets, 1916: An Annual Anthology
The Mary Frances cook book : $b or, Adventures among the kitchen people
Whilomville Stories
The Grizzly, Our Greatest Wild Animal
The Glory of the Coming: What Mine Eyes Have Seen of Americans in Action in This Year of Grace and Allied Endeavor
Held to Answer: A Novel
The White Shield
The Invasions of England
The Stingy Receiver
Cease firing
Daughters of Nijo: A Romance of Japan
Rat Proofing Buildings and Premises
The Drums of Jeopardy
The House of Pride, and Other Tales of Hawaii
Thankful's Inheritance
Stories of Inventors: The Adventures of Inventors and Engineers
Crayon and Character: Truth Made Clear Through Eye and Ear: Or, Ten-Minute Talks with Colored Chalks
The Killer
The Free Press
The Young Pitcher
The Birth of Yugoslavia, Volume 1
Vegetable Dyes: Being a Book of Recipes and Other Information Useful to the Dyer
"Bones": Being Further Adventures in Mr. Commissioner Sanders' Country
The Cricket
The Varmint
Suspended Judgments: Essays on Books and Sensations
The Social Direction of Evolution: An Outline of the Science of Eugenics
Patricia Brent, Spinster
Give Me Liberty: The Struggle for Self-Government in Virginia
McAllister and His Double
The Sea and the Jungle
Heroic Spain
Happy-go-lucky
King of Ranleigh: A School Story
Bird Guide: Land Birds East of the Rockies, from Parrots to Bluebirds
David: A Tragedy
The Westminster Alice
The Story of the Siren
The Glory That Was Greece: a survey of Hellenic culture and civilisation
When They Were Girls
Tama
Tomorrow's tangle
Moran of the Lady Letty
The Trees of Pride
Tish : $b The chronicle of her escapades and excursions
A Texas Ranger
Marching Men
Happy Jack
The Goose Girl
A Daughter of the Snows
Woman's Life in Colonial Days
The Ridin' Kid from Powder River
The Life and Letters of Walter H. Page, Volume II
The Tale of Snowball Lamb
The Tale of Grumpy Weasel: Sleepy-Time Tales
The Tribune of Nova Scotia: A Chronicle of Joseph Howe
The Wall Between
The Pecan and its Culture
The Book of Saints and Friendly Beasts
The Boy Scouts for Uncle Sam
Great Singers on the Art of Singing: Educational Conferences with Foremost Artists
Mink Trapping: A Book of Instruction Giving Many Methods of Trapping: A Valuable Book for Trappers.
She Buildeth Her House
Nobody's Child
Dictatorship vs. Democracy (Terrorism and Communism): a reply to Karl Kantsky
An Alphabet of History
Summer
The Adventures of Billy Topsail
Left Half Harmon
Dumbells of Business
Under the White Ensign: A Naval Story of the Great War
Q-Ships and Their Story
The Color of a Great City
Castles of Ireland: Some Fortress Histories and Legends
Cartoons by McCutcheon: A selection of one hundred drawings
Free, and other stories
The Path of the King
The Adventures of Poor Mrs. Quack
The Gringos: A Story Of The Old California Days In 1849
History of Egypt From 330 B.C. To the Present Time, Volume 10 (of 12)
The Jew and American Ideals
Games for All Occasions
Velazquez
'Jena' or 'Sedan'?
Family Limitation
The Witch Doctor and other Rhodesian Studies
The Story of a Life
Five Plays
The Shadow of Life
Pomo Bear Doctors
Cox—The Man
Over There with the Canadians at Vimy Ridge
Australia in Arms: A Narrative of the Australasian Imperial Force and Their Achievement at Anzac
The Splendid Outcast
Twenty Years' Experience as a Ghost Hunter
The Mystery Ship: A Story of the 'Q' Ships During the Great War
Blue Shirt and Khaki: A Comparison
The German Spy in America: The Secret Plotting of German Spies in the United States and the Inside Story of the Sinking of the Lusitania
Frederick the Great and the Rise of Prussia
The red laugh: fragments of a discovered manuscript
Tarzan the invincible
The Love Affairs of Great Musicians, Volume 1
The Air Trust
Sandy
Henry Brocken: His Travels and Adventures in the Rich, Strange, Scarce-Imaginable Regions of Romance
The King's Achievement
A Dweller in Mesopotamia: Being the Adventures of an Official Artist in the Garden of Eden
The Spinster Book
The Third Violet
The Tale of Daddy Longlegs: Tuck-Me-In Tales
Stanford Achievement Test, Ed. 1922 : $b Advanced Examination, Form A, for Grades 4-8
A Philanthropist
Religious Life of Virginia in the Seventeenth Century: The Faith of Our Fathers
Women of Modern France (Illustrated): Woman: In all ages and in all countries Vol. 7 (of 10)
The Sixty-First Second
The Code of the Mountains
The Blue Lights: A Detective Story
The Rival Pitchers: A Story of College Baseball
The Golden Helm, and Other Verse
Baseball Joe, Home Run King; or, The Greatest Pitcher and Batter on Record
The grapes of New York
In the Land of Mosques & Minarets
The Wasted Generation
Jack Straw: A Farce in Three Acts
The Last Penny
On the Wallaby Through Victoria
The Scratch Pack
The Inns of Court
A Slav Soul, and Other Stories
The Red Cross Girls in the British Trenches
The girl from Hollywood
The Vinegar Saint
The After House
The Red Man's Continent: A Chronicle of Aboriginal America
The Celebrity, Complete
Buddhism and Buddhists in China
The Tale of Cuffy Bear
The Tale of Pony Twinkleheels
The Adventures of Lightfoot the Deer
Tom Slade, Motorcycle Dispatch Bearer
The Tale of Peter Mink: Sleepy-Time Tales
The History of the American Expedition Fighting the Bolsheviki: Campaigning in North Russia 1918-1919
The Tale of Kiddie Katydid
The Tale of Chirpy Cricket
The Project Gutenberg Works of Rafael Sabatini: An Index
Shadow Mountain
The Guarded Heights
Self-Determining Haiti: Four articles reprinted from The Nation embodying a report of an investigation made for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Molly Brown's Freshman Days
Problems in Periclean Buildings
Mrs. Bindle: Some Incidents from the Domestic Life of the Bindles
The Treatment of Hay Fever by rosin-weed, ichthyol and faradic electricity: With a discussion of the old theory of gout and the new theory of anaphylaxis
Paths of the Mound-Building Indians and Great Game Animals
The Assault: Germany Before the Outbreak and England in War-Time
Baseball Joe on the Giants; or, Making Good as a Ball Twirler in the Metropolis
Brothers of Peril: A Story of old Newfoundland
An American Religious Movement : A Brief History of the Disciples of Christ
The Heroic Age
The Texican
Scott Burton, Forester
Sniping in France: With notes on the scientific training of scouts, observers, and snipers
Her Prairie Knight
Bardelys the Magnificent: Being an account of the strange wooing pursued by the Sieur Marcel de Saint-Pol, marquis of Bardelys...
Alias the Lone Wolf
Lewis Rand
The New Frontiers of Freedom from the Alps to the Ægean
A General Sketch of the European War: The First Phase
The Cruise of the Noah's Ark
How to Eat: A Cure for "Nerves"
A Guide to Methods and Observation in History: Studies in High School Observation
Greece and the Allies, 1914-1922
Two on the Trail: A Story of the Far Northwest
Five Little Friends
Greek Women
The Tower of Oblivion
The Camp Fire Girls in After Years
The Boy Scouts Under Fire in Mexico
Local Color
August Strindberg, the Spirit of Revolt: Studies and Impressions
Old Country Inns of England
Gold-Seeking on the Dalton Trail: Being the Adventures of Two New England Boys in Alaska and the Northwest Territory
Round about Bar-le-Duc
'Possum
From Now On
Mental diseases: a public health problem
The People of Palestine: An enlarged edition of "The Peasantry of Palestine, Life, Manners and Customs of the Village"
Throttled! The Detection of the German and Anarchist Bomb Plotters
The clue of the new pin
A candle in the wind
Cho-Cho and the Health Fairy : $b Six stories
Adventure
Sight Unseen
John Marshall and the Constitution, a Chronicle of the Supreme Court
A Century of Negro Migration
Twelve Men
Making Both Ends Meet: The income and outlay of New York working girls
Campaign Pictures of the War in South Africa (1899-1900): Letters from the Front
Wage Earning and Education
History of Egypt From 330 B.C. To the Present Time, Volume 12 (of 12)
The Story of Porcelain
The Tale of Grunty Pig: Slumber-Town Tales
The Whelps of the Wolf
Dick Hamilton's Cadet Days; Or, The Handicap of a Millionaire's Son
England
Black Tales for White Children
The Isles of Scilly : $b Their story, their folk & their flowers
Soldier Rigdale: How He Sailed in the Mayflower and How He Served Miles Standish
The Flying Death
From the Cape to Cairo: The First Traverse of Africa from South to North
Ken Ward in the Jungle
Canada in Flanders, Volume I
The pears of New York
The Forbidden Way
The Plunderers: A Novel
Field book of common rocks and minerals : $b for identifying the rocks and minerals of the United States and interpreting their origins and meanings
Israel in Europe
Red Mesa : $b A tale of the southwest
The Game
Rowdy of the Cross L
The Confession
Ridgway of Montana: A story of to-day, in which the hero is also the villain
The Californiacs
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 1
Half a Rogue
The Helmet of Navarre
The Haskalah Movement in Russia
Hero Tales and Legends of the Rhine
Sir Walter Scott as a Critic of Literature
Uncle Wiggily in the Woods
Doctor Luke of the Labrador
Grimm Tales Made Gay
Lord Kitchener
The Rosie World
Sanders of the river
The American Indian as Slaveholder and Seccessionist: An Omitted Chapter in the Diplomatic History of the Southern Confederacy
Cattle-Ranch to College: The True Tales of a Boy's Adventures in the Far West
The Widow in the Bye Street
Historic Events of Colonial Days
Nan of the Gypsies
The Story of Nuremberg
Katy Gaumer
Boy Scouts at Crater Lake: A Story of Crater Lake National Park and the High Cascades
Mr. Fortune's Practice
The Priceless Pearl
Tarzan and the Lion Man
Opening the iron trail : $b or, Terry as a "U. Pay." man (a semi-centennial story)
The Red Badge of Courage: An Episode of the American Civil War
Lavender and Old Lace
Don Rodriguez; Chronicles of Shadow Valley
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 06
The Winds of the World
Peregrine's Progress
How to Teach
The Life of the Spirit and the Life of To-day
Getting Together
Outdoor Sports and Games
Early Reviews of English Poets
The Tale of Miss Kitty Cat: Slumber-Town Tales
Socialism: A Summary and Interpretation of Socialist Principles
The Chemistry of Plant Life
A Rational Theology, as Taught by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
The Disturbing Charm
More Misrepresentative Men
With Beatty off Jutland: A Romance of the Great Sea Fight
A Lively Bit of the Front: A Tale of the New Zealand Rifles on the Western Front
The Winning Touchdown: A Story of College Football
The Camp Fire Girls at the End of the Trail
The Eight-Oared Victors: A Story of College Water Sports
An American Girl in Munich: Impressions of a Music Student
The Brand: A Tale of the Flathead Reservation
Back o' the Moon, and other stories
The Chronicles of the Imp: A Romance
Pittsburgh Main Thoroughfares and the Down Town District: Improvements Necessary to Meet the City's Present and Future Needs
My Reminiscences of East Africa
The Treasure of the "San Philipo"
Iceland: Horseback tours in saga land
Coronation Rites
Greek Biology & Greek Medicine
Under Foch's Command: A Tale of the Americans in France
Goya, an account of his life and works
Meadowlark Basin
Carpentry
The river
The Chinese Nightingale, and Other Poems
A Woman Tenderfoot
Up the Hill and Over
The Abandoned Room
The Half-Back: A Story of School, Football, and Golf
The Reign of Andrew Jackson: A Chronicle of the Frontier in Politics
Types of Weltschmerz in German Poetry
Flower of the Dusk
The Joyful Heart
Ted and the Telephone
The Ghost Breaker: A Melodramatic Farce in Four Acts
Margarita's Soul: The Romantic Recollections of a Man of Fifty
With Joffre at Verdun: A Story of the Western Front
Oscar Wilde
Comrade Yetta
The Life of Crustacea
Ossian in Germany: Bibliography, General Survey, Ossian's Influence upon Klopstock and the Bards
To Him That Hath
The Library of Work and Play: Guide and Index
Wings over England
Auguste Rodin: The Man - His Ideas - His Works
The Night Club
The Abysmal Brute
The Saint of the Dragon's Dale: A Fantastical Tale
Uncle Wiggily's Automobile
The Aeroplane in War
Histology of medicinal plants
Chinese pottery and porcelain; vol. 1. Pottery and early wares
Apache devil
The shears of destiny
The long way
Seven Men [Excerpts]
Cow-Country
The Conquest of the Old Southwest; the romantic story of the early pioneers into Virginia, the Carolinas, Tennessee, and Kentucky, 1740-1790
The Friendly Road: New Adventures in Contentment
The Heart-Cry of Jesus
The River's End
Cape Cod Stories
Men, Women, and Boats
The Forest
The Appetite of Tyranny: Including Letters to an Old Garibaldian
The Trail Horde
Football Days: Memories of the Game and of the Men behind the Ball
A Pagan of the Hills
Heart and Soul by Maveric Post
The Woman Beautiful; or, The Art of Beauty Culture
The Secret Witness
The Dragon's Secret
The Woman from Outside: [On Swan River]
Christopher and the Clockmakers
George Borrow in East Anglia
The Land of the Miamis: An Account of the Struggle to Secure Possession of the North-West from the End of the Revolution until 1812
Sube Cane
In and Out
Joseph Smith as Scientist: A Contribution to Mormon Philosophy
Gentlemen Rovers
The History of the Negro Church
The Million Dollar Mystery: Novelized from the Scenario of F. Lonergan
The Road Builders
Mimicry in Butterflies
The Joys of Being a Woman, and Other Papers
Through the Heart of Patagonia
Max Fargus
The Last Days of Fort Vaux, March 9-June 7, 1916
What Every Mother Should Know; or, How Six Little Children Were Taught The Truth
Fancies Versus Fads
Rootabaga pigeons
Good Night (Buenas Noches)
A Lost Lady
Newspaper Writing and Editing
Barren Ground
The Iron Puddler: My Life in the Rolling Mills and What Came of It
If: A Play in Four Acts
A New Philosophy : $b Henri Bergson
Grand-Daddy Whiskers, M.D.
The Mental Life of Monkeys and Apes: A Study of Ideational Behavior
The Alaskan
Principles of Freedom
The Tinder-Box
Paradise Garden: The Satirical Narrative of a Great Experiment
The Golden Bird
The heart of happy hollow: A collection of stories
The Huntress
The Record of Nicholas Freydon: An Autobiography
The Master's Violin
Lost Farm Camp
The Postmaster
Dandelion Cottage
The Chase of the Golden Plate
My Airships; The Story of My Life
Weatherby's Inning: A Story of College Life and Baseball
Tolstoy
The Ottoman Turks and the Routes of Oriental Trade: from The English Historical Review, October 1915
What Jesus Taught
The Quakers, Past and Present
Verses
Elements of Trench Warfare
Adele Doring of the Sunnyside Club
The Alhambra: being a brief record of the Arabian conquest of the Peninsula with a particular account of the Mohammedan architecture and decoration
Cape Coddities
The Deliverance: A Romance of the Virginia Tobacco Fields
Sparrows: The Story of an Unprotected Girl
The Country Beyond: A Romance of the Wilderness
The Norsk Nightingale; Being the Lyrics of a "Lumberyack"
Sanine
Post-Augustan Poetry From Seneca to Juvenal
The Cords of Vanity: A Comedy of Shirking
The Case of Jennie Brice
Sex and Common-Sense
The Art of Letters
Canterbury
The Day of Days: An Extravaganza
The Tale of Henrietta Hen
The Tale of Nimble Deer: Sleepy-Time Tales
Union and Democracy
Jack O' Judgment
The Green Rust
The Law of Hemlock Mountain
The Dispatch-Riders: The Adventures of Two British Motor-cyclists in the Great War
The Motley Muse (Rhymes for the Times)
Winter
Misrepresentative Women
Human Life
Haunted Places in England
Jones of the 64th: A Tale of the Battles of Assaye and Laswaree
Woman and Puppet, Etc.
Little Dramas for Primary Grades
The Farmer's Veterinarian: A Practical Treatise on the Diseases of Farm Stock
Broken Butterflies
The Fighter
The wrong letter
Tarzan and the city of gold
The flight of the heron
Baseball Joe, champion of the league : $b Or, The record that was worth while
Maori folk-tales of the Port Hills, Canterbury, New Zealand
Empty bottles
When a Man Marries
The Shame of Motley: being the memoir of certain transactions in the life of Lazzaro Biancomonte, of Biancomonte, sometime fool of the court of Pesaro
Kent Knowles: Quahaug
A Rogue by Compulsion: An Affair of the Secret Service
Adventures in Contentment
A Study of Fairy Tales
Edward MacDowell: A Study
The Glugs of Gosh
North of Boston
The New Nation
Wild Life on the Rockies
The Road to Frontenac
Billy Bunny and Daddy Fox
Doors of the Night
Magic : $b In which are given clear and concise explanations of all the well-known illusions as well as many new ones.
The City in the Clouds
A History of the Republican Party
The Sailor
Legends & Romances of Spain
The Daffodil Fields
The Crimson Flash
Surgery, with Special Reference to Podiatry
The Serf
Historic Adventures: Tales from American History
Shifting Sands
The Boy Aviators on Secret Service; Or, Working with Wireless
Bosambo of the River
Piece Goods Manual: Fabrics described; textile, knit goods, weaving terms, etc., explained; with notes on the classification of samples.
Printing Telegraphy... A New Era Begins
Among the River Pirates: A Skippy Dare Mystery Story
The Last Secrets: The Final Mysteries of Exploration
Set Down in Malice: A Book of Reminiscences
On Anything
General Crook and the Fighting Apaches: Treating Also of the Part Borne by Jimmie Dunn in the days, 1871-1886, When With Soldiers and Pack-trains and Indian Scouts, but Employing the Stronger Weapons of Kindness, Firmness and Honesty, the Gray Fox Worked Hard to the End That the White Men and the Red Men in the Southwest as in the Northwest Might Better Understand One Another
The Council of Seven
Songs of the Ridings
The Portygee
The Russian Revolution; The Jugo-Slav Movement
The American Indian as Participant in the Civil War
Five Months on a German Raider: Being the Adventures of an Englishman Captured by the 'Wolf'
War is Kind
The Tale of Benny Badger
The Story of Leather
Simon
Bones in London
The Boy With the U. S. Life-Savers
Under Boy Scout Colors
Fidelity: A Novel
Hawk Eye
The Red Mouse: A Mystery Romance
In Accordance with the Evidence
Barbara Lynn: A Tale of the Dales and Fells.
The Aeroplane
The city of the discreet
The Middle of the Road: A Novel
The Superstition of Divorce
The Fire Within
The High Place: A Comedy of Disenchantment
The land of the Hittites : $b An account of recent explorations and discoveries in Asia Minor, with descriptions of the Hittite monuments
The avenger
The castaway : $b Three great men ruined in one year—a king, a cad and a castaway
Nomads of the North: A Story of Romance and Adventure under the Open Stars
The Gloved Hand
The Lookout Man
In the Shadow of Death
The Harbor Master
Betty Wales, Freshman
The Christian View of the Old Testament
A Gallant Grenadier: A Tale of the Crimean War
The Gambler: A Novel
The Lighter Side of School Life
On Guard: Mark Mallory's Celebration
The Pike's Peak Rush; Or, Terry in the New Gold Fields
The Quest of the 'Golden Hope': A Seventeenth Century Story of Adventure
Batting to Win: A Story of College Baseball
A Man's Man
Uncle Wiggily in Wonderland
St. Nicholas: His Legend and His Rôle in the Christmas Celebration and Other Popular Customs
The Best Man
Drawings of Rossetti
The Devil
Brahms and some of his works
Acids, Alkalis and Salts
An encyclopedist of the dark ages: Isidore of Seville
The Great Taxicab Robbery: A True Detective Story
The Story of Lutheran Missions
The Cask
A laugh a day keeps the doctor away
Afghanistan
Back home
The Certain Hour (Dizain des Poëtes)
The Land of Footprints
Count Bunker: Being a Bald Yet Veracious Chronicle Containing Some Further Particulars of Two Gentlemen Whose Previous Careers Were Touched Upon in a Tome Entitled "The Lunatic at Large"
The Armies of Labor: A Chronicle of the Organized Wage-Earners
Mr. Crewe's Career — Complete
Back to Billabong
John M. Synge: a Few Personal Recollections, with Biographical Notes
The Boy Scout Camera Club; Or, the Confession of a Photograph
The Money Moon: A Romance
Hills and the Sea
The Pleasures of Ignorance
The Dangerous Age: Letters and Fragments from a Woman's Diary
Come Rack! Come Rope!
The Drama of the Forests: Romance and Adventure
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Norwich: A Description of Its Fabric and A Brief History of the Episcopal See
The Tale of Bobby Bobolink: Tuck-me-In Tales
The Honourable Mr. Tawnish
Printing and the Renaissance: A paper read before the Fortnightly Club of Rochester, New York
Peking Dust
The Land of The Blessed Virgin; Sketches and Impressions in Andalusia
A Modern Mercenary
A Nest of Spies
The Naples Riviera
The Tale of Old Dog Spot
German Problems and Personalities
The Adventures of Puss in Boots, Jr.
The Flower Princess
Ten Girls from History
The City Curious
The Book of This and That
The Boy Aviators' Flight for a Fortune
The Secret of the Silver Car: Further Adventures of Anthony Trent, Master Criminal
Under Cover
The Myth of a Guilty Nation
Sally Scott of the WAVES
The Vision Splendid
The Sorrows of Belgium: A Play in Six Scenes
"The Greatest Failure in All History": A Critical Examination of the Actual Workings of Bolshevism in Russia
God's Country: The Trail to Happiness
The Case for Birth Control: A Supplementary Brief and Statement of Facts
Barbara Winslow, Rebel
Elements of Trench Warfare: Bayonet Training
The Book of the Bayeux Tapestry: Presenting the Complete Work in a Series of Colour Facsimiles
This and That and the Other
Tom Akerley: His Adventures in the Tall Timber and at Gaspard's Clearing on the Indian River
The Altar of Freedom
A Traveler at Forty
Good Health and How We Won It, With an Account of the New Hygiene
Dead letters
After the stock market crash of November, 1929 : $b A supplementary chapter to the psychology of speculation issued in 1926
The Blazed Trail
The Historical Nights' Entertainment: Second Series
The Hunted Woman
Selections from the Writings of Lord Dunsany
History of Egypt From 330 B.C. To the Present Time, Volume 11 (of 12)
Fifty Years, & Other Poems
The Boy Scout Treasure Hunters; Or, The Lost Treasure of Buffalo Hollow
Rim o' the World
The Bandbox
Our Admirable Betty: A Romance
The Banshee
Perverted Proverbs: A Manual of Immorals for the Many
From Bapaume to Passchendaele, 1917
The Happy Golfer: Being Some Experiences, Reflections, and a Few Deductions of a Wandering Golfer
Mortmain
The Builders
Bridge; its Principles and Rules of Play: with Illustrative Hands and the Club Code of Bridge Laws
When a Cobbler Ruled the King
The Galloping Ghost: A Mystery Story for Boys
Old Judge Priest
The Beggar's Purse: A Fairy Tale of Familiar Finance
An Accidental Honeymoon
The Mentor: Great American Inventors, Vol. 1, Num. 29, Serial No. 29
Nacogdoches
The Golden Flood
The History of Tammany Hall: Second Edition
The Rainbow Bridge
Oxford
Inside the Lines
The Motor Routes of France: To the Châteaux of Touraine, Biarritz, the Pyrenees, the Riviera, & the Rhone Valley
The Health Master
Psychoanalysis and Love
Flaming Youth
A Hoosier holiday
A reference hand-book for nurses
Good Indian
The Story of Sugar
Domnei: A Comedy of Woman-Worship
The Bent Twig
Jason: A Romance
The Adventure Club Afloat
Max
Skyrider
Stories That  Words Tell Us
The Call of the Beaver Patrol; Or, A Break in the Glacier
Jerry
Pluck on the Long Trail; Or, Boy Scouts in the Rockies
The Range Boss
'Drag' Harlan
Baseball Joe in the Big League; or, A Young Pitcher's Hardest Struggles
British Socialism: An Examination of Its Doctrines, Policy, Aims and Practical Proposals
Poitiers
The Ranchman
Farmer George, Volume 1
The Everlasting Mercy
Reynolds
The Young Continentals at Bunker Hill
Historic Inventions
Dust of the Desert
Essentials in Church History: A History of the Church from the Birth of Joseph Smith to the Present Time (1922), with Introductory Chapters on the Antiquity of the Gospel and the "Falling Away"
Green Eyes
Inventors & Inventions
The Tenth Man: A Tragic Comedy in Three Acts
The Wire Devils
The Theory of Environment: An Outline of the History of the Idea of Milieu, and Its Present Status, part 1
The Flags of Our Fighting Army: Including standards, guidons, colours and drum banners
The Parowan Bonanza
Sussex, Painted by Wilfrid Ball
Uncle Wiggily's fishing trip : $b or, The good luck he had with the clothes hook; and How the Pip and Skee were stuck by the chestnut burrs; also The good time at the marshmallow roast
Araminta
Arizona nights
Island Tales / On the Makaloa Mat
The Old Northwest: A Chronicle of the Ohio Valley and Beyond
Maurice Guest
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 8
Out of the Primitive
Catalogue of British Columbia Birds
First and Last
How Sammy Went to Coral-Land
Ten Boys from Dickens
Plays of Gods and Men
The Necromancers
The Wheel of Life
Matisse Picasso and Gertrude Stein: With Two Shorter Stories
Paradoxes of Catholicism
Explanation of Catholic Morals: A Concise, Reasoned, and Popular Exposition of Catholic Morals
Jerry Junior
The Lunatic at Large
The Governments of Europe
The Pirate's Pocket Book
The Tale of Billy Woodchuck
Penguin Persons & Peppermints
The Rhodesian
Carmen Ariza
Calumet 'K'
Territory in Bird Life
Molly Brown's Sophomore Days
The Future Belongs to the People
The Arrival of Jimpson, and Other Stories for Boys about Boys
The Evolution of Old Testament Religion
Quarter-Back Bates
Scorn of Women: A Play In Three Acts
Across the Andes : $b A tale of wandering days among the mountains of Bolivia and the jungles of the upper Amazon
The Third Circle
Famous Discoverers and Explores of America: Their Voyages, Battles, and Hardships in Traversing and Conquering the Unknown Territories of a New World
The Writer's Desk Book: Being a Reference Volume upon Questions of Punctuation, Capitalization, Spelling, Division of Words, Indention, Spacing, Italics, Abbreviations, Accents, Numerals, Faulty Diction, Letter Writing, Postal Regulations, Etc.
The Men on Deck: Master, Mates and Crew, Their Duties and Responsibilities
Horses and Men: Tales, long and short, from our American life
The Origin of Tyranny
Toledo: an historical and descriptive account of the "City of generations"
The Silver Stallion: A Comedy of Redemption
The Greek theater and its drama
The silver blade: The true chronicle of a double mystery
Tish plays the game
Henry Northcote
There is a tide
The Lure of the Dim Trails
The Re-Creation of Brian Kent
Dry-Farming : A System of Agriculture for Countries under a Low Rainfall
Sylvia's Marriage: A Novel
Cap'n Dan's Daughter
Youth and Egolatry
Adventures in Friendship
The Long Shadow
The Penalty
Sir Mortimer: A Novel
Doña Clarines y Mañana de Sol
The Princess Pocahontas
Fifth Avenue
Donatello, by Lord Balcarres
The Tale of Frisky Squirrel
Flood Tide
Banzai! by Parabellum
Elsie Marley, Honey
Harbor Tales Down North: With an Appreciation by Wilfred T. Grenfell, M.D.
Elkan Lubliner, American
The River Prophet
The Window at the White Cat
Wine, Water, and Song
The Religion of the Indians of California
The Autobiography of an Electron: Wherein the Scientific Ideas of the Present Time Are Explained in an Interesting and Novel Fashion
The Lucky Seventh
The Story of a Round-House, and Other Poems
The Camp Fire Girls in Glorious France
The First Canadians in France: The Chronicle of a Military Hospital in the War Zone
By Blow and Kiss: The Love Story of a Man with a Bad Name.: (Published serially under the title Unstable as Water).
Mrs. Dot: A Farce
The Veil, and Other Poems
Hephaestus, Persephone at Enna, and Sappho in Leucadia
The Border Boys with the Mexican Rangers
Emmeline
More E. K. Means: Is This a Title? It Is Not. It Is the Name of a Writer of Negro Stories, Who Has Made Himself So Completely the Writer of Negro Stories That This Second Book, Like the First, Needs No Title
New Bodies for Old
A Mystery Play in Honour of the Nativity of our Lord
Dirigible Balloons
A History of Sculpture
The peoples of Europe
The war chief
Jim Davis
A Little Bush Maid
Sammie and Susie Littletail
Left Tackle Thayer
Up the Chimney
Jan: A Dog and a Romance
Morocco
Tom Slade on Mystery Trail
Irish Plays and Playwrights
With the Colors: Songs of the American Service
The Lure of the Mask
Carl and the Cotton Gin
Master of the Vineyard
Billy Topsail & Company: A Story for Boys
The Day of Sir Wilfrid Laurier: A Chronicle of Our Own Time
The Rubáiyát of a Bachelor
The Destroying Angel
A Volunteer with Pike: The True Narrative of One Dr. John Robinson and of His Love for the Fair Señorita Vallois
Sea-Hounds
Bill the Minder
The Ancient Law
Under the Chinese Dragon: A Tale of Mongolia
The Trail of the Seneca
Akra the Slave
Rambles on the Riviera
How Canada Was Won: A Tale of Wolfe and Quebec
Bobby in Search of a Birthday
Wood Engraving
A Little Preserving Book for a Little Girl
For the Honor of the School: A Story of School Life and Interscholastic Sport
Bees
Christmas at McCarthy's
Good stories for great birthdays: arranged for story-telling and reading aloud and for the children's own reading
A Year in a Yawl: A True Tale of the Adventures of Four Boys in a Thirty-foot Yawl
Introduction to the scientific study of education
Roy Blakeley's Tangled Trail
The Wrecking Master
Etruscan Tomb Paintings, Their Subjects and Significance
Seville: an historical and descriptive account of "the pearl of Andalusia"
The Great White North: The story of polar exploration from the earliest times to the discovery of the pole
Through Timbuctu and across the great Sahara: $b an account of an adventurous journey of exploration from Sierra Leone to the source of the Niger, following its course to the bend at Gao and thence across the great Sahara to Algiers
The Goodness of St. Rocque, and Other Stories
The Machine
Spinifex and Sand: A Narrative of Five Years' Pioneering and Exploration in Western Ausralia
Their Mariposa Legend: A Romance of Santa Catalina
Guns of the Gods: A Story of Yasmini's Youth
Bambi
Scandinavian influence on Southern Lowland Scotch: A contribution to the study of the linguistic relations of English and Scandinavian
One Man in His Time
The Sheriff's Son
Field Hospital and Flying Column: Being the Journal of an English Nursing Sister in Belgium & Russia
The Rose of Dawn: A Tale of the South Sea
The Madigans
Three Thousand Years of Mental Healing
Bird Stories
The Hickory Limb
The Web of the Golden Spider
A Little Question in Ladies' Rights
That Affair at Elizabeth
The Ranch Girls and Their Heart's Desire
Down the Columbia
The Auto Boys' Quest
The Playground of Satan
The Spell of the Rockies
To Kiel in the 'Hercules'
Raphael
Dixie Martin, the Girl of Woodford's Cañon
From Libau to Tsushima: A narrative of the voyage of Admiral Rojdestvensky's fleet to eastern seas, including a detailed account of the Dogger Bank incident
Adventures of Sonny Bear
Under King Henry's Banners: A story of the days of Agincourt
The Two Maps of Europe, and Some Other Aspects of the Great War
Stories of Symphonic Music: A Guide to the Meaning of Important Symphonies, Overtures, and Tone-poems from Beethoven to the Present Day
The Golden Boys Rescued by Radio
Sunny-San
Neddie and Beckie Stubtail (Two Nice Bears): Bedtime Stories
Pee-wee Harris: Fixer
Tom Slade Picks a Winner
Kittens and Cats: A First Reader
Going-to-the-Sun
His Official Fiancée
Learning to Spell: A Manual for Teachers Using the Aldine Speller
From Missouri
The Boys' Book of Model Aeroplanes: How to Build and Fly Them: With the Story of the Evolution of the Flying Machine
Om: The secret of Ahbor Valley
Chains : $b lesser novels and stories
The alligator and its allies
When mother lets us make paper box furniture : $b A book which shows children just how to make most attractive toy furniture out of materials which cost practically nothing--toys which give as much pleasure as those from expensive toy shops
The Golden Threshold
The Aeroplane Speaks
The Getting of Wisdom
Coniston — Complete
Gallantry: Dizain des Fetes Galantes
The Circus Comes to Town
Conjuror's House: A Romance of the Free Forest
Lloyd George: The Man and His Story
The Story-teller
The Book of Courage
Our Revolution: Essays on Working-Class and International Revolution, 1904-1917
Spiritualism and the New Psychology: An Explanation of Spiritualist Phenomena and Beliefs in Terms of Modern Knowledge
Ashton-Kirk, Secret Agent
Botticelli
The Rival Submarines
The Vinland Champions
Rayton: A Backwoods Mystery
Boone's Wilderness Road
Windsor Castle
The Green Bough
A Man's World
Later Queens of the French Stage
Monica's choice
Doing Their Bit: War Work at Home
Writ in Barracks
The Boys' Nelson
The Whip Hand: A Tale of the Pine Country
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Stephen Crane
The children and the pictures
The ragged edge: A tale of ward life & politics
Uncle Wiggily and Mother Goose: Complete in two parts; fifty-two stories—one for each week of the year
Uncle Wiggily's Airship : $b Bedtime Stories
Ironheart
The geography and geology of south-eastern Egypt
Nigeria and its tin fields
The Faith of Men
Over Prairie Trails
Buried Cities, Volume 1: Pompeii
Man-Size
The Last Shot
Have faith in Massachusetts; 2d ed.: A Collection of Speeches and Messages
The Framework of Home Rule
Pathfinders of the West: Being the Thrilling Story of the Adventures of the Men Who; Discovered the Great Northwest: Radisson, La Vérendrye,; Lewis and Clark
The Miller Of Old Church
The Goat and Her Kid
Plotting in Pirate Seas
Julia The Apostate
At Good Old Siwash
The Girl Scouts in Beechwood Forest
Food for the Traveler: What to Eat and Why
The Boy Scouts on Belgian Battlefields
The Shepherd Of My Soul
Ashton-Kirk, Criminologist
Three Sioux Scouts
Appropriate Clothes for the High School Girl
Running Sands
The Behavior of the Honey Bee in Pollen Collection
A Little Fleet
Holbein
The Brown Owl: A Fairy Story
The Story of Wellington
The Love of Monsieur
The Academic Gregories
Sea Scouts Abroad: Further Adventures of the "Olivette"
The River of Life, and Other Stories
A Vagabond's Odyssey: being further reminiscences of a wandering sailor-troubadour in many lands
Kutnar, Son of Pic
On Everything
Thackeray
The Red Pirogue: A Tale of Adventure in the Canadian Wilds
The Young Wireless Operator—With the U. S. Secret Service: Winning his way in the Secret Service
Granada and the Alhambra: A brief description of the ancient city of Granada, with a particular account of the Moorish palace
Primitive Time-reckoning: A study in the origins and first development of the art of counting time among the primitive and early culture peoples
Spanish Painting
The Wounded Name
The Curtiss Aviation Book
Hey Rub-a-dub-dub: A Book of the Mystery and Wonder and Terror of Life
Sir John Dering: A romantic comedy
The pretender: A story of the Latin Quarter
Robin
The Tower Rooms
Ukraine, the land and its people : $b an introduction to its geography
An examination of some methods employed in determining the atomic weight of Cadmium
Anthropology
A year in Russia
Keziah Coffin
The Rise of Roscoe Paine
The Wild Knight and Other Poems
Three Times and Out: Told by Private Simmons, Written by Nellie L. McClung
Pee-wee Harris on the Trail
Dan Merrithew
Hebrew Life and Times
Vikings of the Pacific: The Adventures of the Explorers who Came from the West, Eastward
The Tale of Master Meadow Mouse
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Rochester: A Description of its Fabric and a Brief History of the Episcopal See
Privy Seal: His Last Venture
The Camerons of Highboro
The Ballad of St. Barbara, and Other Verses
The Frontier Boys in the Sierras; Or, The Lost Mine
Molly Brown's College Friends
Climatic Changes: Their Nature and Causes
Captain June
The Secret Service Submarine: A Story of the Present War
Anthony Trent, Master Criminal
The Cumberland Road
Smith College Stories: Ten Stories by Josephine Dodge Daskam
The Barrier: A Novel
Castles and Chateaux of Old Navarre and the Basque Provinces
A Ticket to Adventure: A Mystery Story for Girls
The Arch-Satirist
Gray youth: The story of a very modern courtship and a very modern marriage
Canada in Flanders, Volume II
Chains: A Play, in Four Acts
The Island of Yellow Sands: An Adventure and Mystery Story for Boys
Bacteria: Especially as they are related to the economy of nature, to industrial processes, and to the public health
Old-Dad
Danny's Own Story
Three Sides of Paradise Green
Under Sail
The Book of Clever Beasts: Studies in Unnatural History
The Sealed Valley
Caliban by the Yellow Sands: A Community Masque of the Art of the Theatre
Uncle Wiggily Goes Swimming; Or, How the Frog Boys Surprised the Fox
Talks with Tolstoi
The eagle's wing: A story of the Colorado
Something about Eve: A comedy of fig-leaves
The Fellowship of the Frog
Sea life in Nelson's time
The Paths of Inland Commerce; A Chronicle of Trail, Road, and Waterway
The Puppet Crown
Cy Whittaker's Place
The Love Sonnets of a Car Conductor
Elusive Isabel
A Minstrel in France
The Apartment Next Door
Ladies Must Live
Pardners
The Christmas Angel
The Fur Bringers: A Story of the Canadian Northwest
The Heart's Kingdom
How Freckle Frog Made Herself Pretty
The Story of Silk
Shelley, Godwin and Their Circle
Claim Number One
The Character of the British Empire
The Golden Road
Baseball Joe of the Silver Stars; or, The Rivals of Riverside
Saul of Tarsus: A Tale of the Early Christians
Villages of the Algonquian, Siouan, and Caddoan Tribes West of the Mississippi
The Carter Girls' Week-End Camp
A Watcher in The Woods
Benton of the Royal Mounted: A Tale of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police
The Andes of Southern Peru: Geographical Reconnaissance along the Seventy-Third Meridian
The Campaign in Russian Poland
Nostalgia
Baree, Son of Kazan
Two Dianas in Somaliland: The Record of a Shooting Trip
The Last Frontier: The White Man's War for Civilisation in Africa
Kitty of the Roses
Verse
Belshazzar: A Tale of the Fall of Babylon
The Rambler club in the mountains
Three little kittens who lost their mittens
The taste of honey : $b The note book of a linguist
The Sorcerer's Stone
Fortune
War of the Classes
The White Moll
The Trampling of the Lilies
The Efficiency Expert
A Woman's Way Through Unknown Labrador
The Seigneurs of Old Canada : A Chronicle of New World Feudalism
The Winds of Chance
The Tale of Fatty Coon
The Turtles of Tasman
Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers, vol. LXX, Dec. 1910: Tests of Creosoted Timber, Paper No. 1168
Bully and Bawly No-Tail (the Jumping Frogs)
Old Valentines: A Love Story
Dumpy Proverbs: Dumpy Books for Children #24
Mr. Opp
At the Sign of the Jack O'Lantern
Crooked Trails and Straight
The Old Tobacco Shop: A True Account of What Befell a Little Boy in Search of Adventure
Across the Mesa
Learning to Fly: A Practical Manual for Beginners
The Ranch at the Wolverine
Counsel for the Defense
Higher Education and Business Standards
The Duke Of Chimney Butte
Pioneers of the Pacific Coast: A Chronicle of Sea Rovers and Fur Hunters
Little Aliens
The Ten-foot Chain; or, Can Love Survive the Shackles? A Unique Symposium
The Indian Drum
The Nest, The White Pagoda, The Suicide, A Forsaken Temple, Miss Jones and the Masterpiece
Stars of the Opera: A Description of Operas & a Series of Personal Interviews with Marcela Sembrich, Emma Eames, Emma Calvé, Lillian Nordica, Lilli Lehmann, Geraldine Farrar & Nellie Melba
Baseball Joe on the School Nine; or, Pitching for the Blue Banner
The Hypocrite
Roger the Bold: A Tale of the Conquest of Mexico
The Cruise of the O Moo
The Hive
The Motor Rangers' Cloud Cruiser
A Captive at Carlsruhe and Other German Prison Camps
Gettysburg: Stories of the Red Harvest and the Aftermath
Wilderness Babies
The Tunnel: Pilgrimage, Volume 4
Jimmy Drury: Candid Camera Detective
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Upton Sinclair
Woman's work in municipalities
Around the End
The Heart of a Dog
Working Life of Women in the Seventeenth Century
Getting ready to be a mother : $b a little book of information and advice for the young woman who is looking forward to motherhood
Little Jack Rabbit's big blue book
Criminality and economic conditions
Tarzan triumphant
The party battles of the Jackson period
When the moon fell
The Black Panther of the Navaho
A Lute of Jade : Selections from the Classical Poets of China
The Mountains
Jean of the Lazy A
Martin Hyde, the Duke's Messenger
Baree, Son of Kazan
The Masquerader
They Call Me Carpenter: A Tale of the Second Coming
Problems of Conduct: An Introductory Survey of Ethics
A History of English Literature
The Graymouse Family
The Jewel Merchants: A Comedy in One Act
From a Bench in Our Square
Unhappy Far-Off Things
The Relation of the Hrólfs Saga Kraka and the Bjarkarímur to Beowulf: A Contribution To The History Of Saga Development In England And The; Scandinavian Countries
A man's woman
Foch the Man: A Life of the Supreme Commander of the Allied Armies
Pee-wee Harris Adrift
The Tale of Major Monkey
Tom Slade at Temple Camp
Measles
The Shrieking Pit
"Wee Tim'rous Beasties": Studies of Animal life and Character
Prince or Chauffeur? A Story of Newport
A Royal Prisoner
Respiration Calorimeters for Studying the Respiratory Exchange and Energy Transformations of Man
The Works of Winston Churchill: A Linked Index of the Project Gutenberg Editions
The Flockmaster of Poison Creek
The Kempton-Wace Letters
The Dual Alliance
The Camp Fire Girls Behind the Lines
Lola
The Essentials of Illustration: A Practical Guide to the Reproduction of Drawings & Photographs for the Use of Scientists & Others
Life and Writings of Maurice Maeterlinck
The Dreamer of Dreams
Pioneer Roads and Experiences of Travelers (Volume 2)
In Search of El Dorado: A Wanderer's Experiences
Oom Paul's People: A Narrative of the British-Boer Troubles in South Africa, with a History of the Boers, the Country, and Its Institutions
The Fruits of Victory: A Sequel to The Great Illusion
Roy Blakeley's Motor Caravan
Those Times and These
The Shadow Passes: A Mystery Story for Boys
Uncle Sam, Detective
The Lead of Honour
Ceremonies of the Pomo Indians
The 56th Division (1st London Territorial Division)
The Feather
Pawned
Hills of Han: A Romantic Incident
Yorkshire Dales and Fells
Ramshackle House
The Slanderers
James Lusk: Letters & Memories
Impressions of Spain
The Camel and the Needle's Eye
South Sea Foam: The romantic adventures of a modern Don Quixote in the southern seas
The Black Dog, and Other Stories
A Cadet of the Black Star Line
The Glebe 1914/01 (Vol. 1, No. 4): Love of One's Neighbor
The Untamed: Range Life in the Southwest
Decidedly Odd
Opening the West With Lewis and Clark: By Boat, Horse and Foot Up the Great River Missouri, Across the Stony Mountains and on to the Pacific, When in the Years 1804, 1805, 1806, Young Captain Lewis, the Long Knife, and His Friend Captain Clark, the Red Head Chief, Aided by Sacajawea, the Birdwoman, Conducted Their Little Band of Men Tried and True Through the Unknown New United States
The Goslings: A Study of the American Schools
The Jade Story Book; Stories from the Orient
Troubled Waters
English and American tool builders
Home labor saving devices
My lady of Cleeve
The God of His Fathers: Tales of the Klondyke
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 08
Quotes and Images from Christopher Columbus
The Black Bag
Sketches of the East Africa Campaign
Ten Girls from Dickens
Collected Poems 1901-1918 in Two Volumes. Volume I.
The Flying Legion
The Mirrors of Downing Street: Some Political Reflections by a Gentleman with a Duster
A Daughter of the Dons: A Story of New Mexico Today
Hearts and Masks
The Tipster: 1901, From "Wall Street Stories"
Translations of German Poetry in American Magazines 1741-1810
A Study of American Beers and Ales
The Submarine Hunters: A Story of the Naval Patrol Work in the Great War
Hester's Counterpart: A Story of Boarding School Life
The Wonder
Boys' Book of Indian Warriors and Heroic Indian Women
Indian Child Life
With Rifle and Bayonet: A Story of the Boer War
Drugging a Nation: The Story of China and the Opium Curse
The Boy With the U. S. Survey
Miss Maitland, Private Secretary
The Turner Twins
Boy Scouts in the Northwest; Or, Fighting Forest Fires
Fires - Book 1: The Stone, and Other Tales
The Story of John Paul Jones
Van Dyck
Roy Blakeley's Silver Fox Patrol
The Lost Cabin Mine
Motion Picture Operation, Stage Electrics and Illusions: A Practical Hand-book and Guide for Theater Electricians, Motion Picture Operators and Managers of Theaters and Productions
Love and the Ironmonger
Flower o' the Heather: A Story of the Killing Times
A Manual of Philippine Birds
Mad Barbara
The Witch
The Golden Boys Along the River Allagash
The Living Mummy
The First Book of Eve
Irish Impressions
Adele Doring at Boarding School
Betty Wales, Junior: A Story for Girls
Some 'Frightful' War Pictures
Ancient Rome and Modern America; A Comparative Study of Morals and Manners
In the Rockies with Kit Carson
Bisayan grammar and notes on Bisayan rhetoric and poetics and Filipino dialectology
The Sea Scouts of the Kestrel: The story of a cruise of adventure & pluck in a small yacht on the English Channel
The modern writer
Pomona; or, the future of English
The founding of New England
The Altruist in Politics
Galusha the Magnificent
Lifted Masks; stories
The Rivet in Grandfather's Neck: A Comedy of Limitations
The War and Democracy
The House of Mystery: An Episode in the Career of Rosalie Le Grange, Clairvoyant
The Bed-Book of Happiness: Being a colligation or assemblage of cheerful writings brought together from many quarters into this one compass for the diversion, distraction, and delight of those who lie abed,—a friend to the invalid, a companion to the sleepless, an excuse to the tired
Kernel Cob And Little Miss Sweetclover
Life and Gabriella: The Story of a Woman's Courage
New Faces
The Grey Cloak
Horace and His Influence
Evolution: An Investigation and a Critique
The Tale of Mrs. Ladybug
White Ashes
The Red Cross Girls with the Russian Army
In the Border Country
The Etiquette of To-day
Mrs. Christy's Bridge Party
The Common Sense of Socialism: A Series of Letters Addressed to Jonathan Edwards, of Pittsburg
The Adventures of Bobby Orde
The Tale of Rusty Wren
Baseball Joe Around the World; or, Pitching on a Grand Tour
Rafael in Italy: A Geographical Reader
The Art of Lecturing: Revised Edition
The Exploits of Juve: Being the Second of the Series of the "Fantômas" Detective Tales
A Little Garrison: A Realistic Novel of German Army Life of To-day
Child Versus Parent: Some Chapters on the Irrepressible Conflict in the Home
Rounding up the Raider: A Naval Story of the Great War
Liquid Drops and Globules, Their Formation and Movements: Three lectures delivered to popular audiences
The Girl Scouts at Rocky Ledge; Or, Nora's Real Vacation
Across the Cameroons: A Story of War and Adventure
A Lad of Grit: A Story of Adventure on Land and Sea in Restoration Times
Mother West Wind's Animal Friends
Baseball Joe at Yale; or, Pitching for the College Championship
Mearing Stones: Leaves from My Note-Book on Tramp in Donegal
Paths of Judgement
The Young Lovell: A Romance
The Fighting Starkleys; or, The Test of Courage
Diplomatic Days
The cherries of New York
The Romance of the Microscope: An interesting description of its uses in all branches of science, industry, agriculture, and in the detection of crime, with a short account of its origin, history, and development
The Sunken Garden, and Other Poems
Ludwig van Beethoven
The History of the 7th Battalion Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders
The Heart of England
On the Training of Parents
Marooned in the Forest: The Story of a Primitive Fight for Life
Debate on birth control. Margaret Sanger and Winter Russell
Partners Three
Young Folks' Nature Field Book
The Cameroons
A Japanese Blossom
Rebels and Reformers: Biographies for Young People
Selections from Aunt Sammy's Radio Recipes and USDA Favorites
The Runaway Bunny
"The Liberry"
The origins of art; a psychological & sociological inquiry
The chemical nature of the alpha particles from radioactive substances
Marxism and Darwinism : $b Evidence, speeches, and papers in its favour
The Camp Fire Girls on the edge of the desert
The Fighting Scrub
Uncle Wiggily and Baby Bunty
Ye butcher, ye baker, ye candlestick-maker : $b Being sundry amusing and instructive verses for both old and young, adorned with numerous woodcuts
In Wicklow and West Kerry
The Winning of Barbara Worth
For Luncheon and Supper Guests
The Dawn of All
The Gold Hunters: A Story of Life and Adventure in the Hudson Bay Wilds
The S. W. F. Club
Fighting France
The Secret Wireless; Or, The Spy Hunt of the Camp Brady Patrol
Tom Slade on a Transport
Molly Brown's Senior Days
The Cornish Riviera
William Shakespeare: His Homes and Haunts
Eighteenth Century Essays on Shakespeare
The Portal of Dreams
King Cole
The Competitive Nephew
The Call of the World; or, Every Man's Supreme Opportunity
The Shepherd Psalm: A Meditation
The Ranch Girls and Their Great Adventure
Marriage and Divorce Laws of the World
The Girl from Alsace: A Romance of the Great War, Originally Published under the Title of Little Comrade
The Camp Fire Girls' Careers
Linda Lee, Incorporated: A Novel
A Captain of Industry: Being the Story of a Civilized Man
Rubens
Ann Arbor Tales
Blackthorn Farm
The Deserted City
Parenthood and Race Culture: An Outline of Eugenics
Rilla of the Lighthouse
The Quest: A Romance
The Diary of a Freshman
In the Name of Liberty: A Story of the Terror
Hagar
Penelope: A Comedy in Three Acts
The Boy Scouts at the Canadian Border
The Spoilers
The Two Christmas Boxes: A Play for Girls
When She Came Home from College
The Boy Scouts of Woodcraft Camp
Common Cause: A Novel of the War in America
Patroon van Volkenberg : $b A tale of old Manhattan in the year sixteen hundred & ninety-nine
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Leonid Andreyev
Tappan's Burro, and Other Stories
The Spanish Royal Tapestries
Weeds
Bashan and I
Greek Imperialism
Daring Deeds of Famous Pirates: True stories of the stirring adventures, bravery and resource of pirates, filibusters & buccaneers
Gloria at Boarding School
The high school course in English
Letters of a Japanese schoolboy ("Hashimura Togo")
Prejudices
Richardson's New London fashionable gentleman's valentine writer, or, the lover's own book for this year : $b Containing a very choice selection of original and popular valentines, with appropriate answers
A friend of Marie-Antoinette (Lady Atkyns)
Children's books and reading
Israel Rank : $b The autobiography of a criminal
Betty Wales decides : $b a story for girls
Books and bidders : $b The adventures of a bibliophile
The adventures of Captain O'Shea
Jefferson and His Colleagues: A Chronicle of the Virginia Dynasty
Cambridge
The First Hundred Thousand: Being the Unofficial Chronicle of a Unit of "K(1)"
Partners of Chance
Frank Reynolds, R.I.
Jess of the Rebel Trail
None Other Gods
Franklin Kane
Curlie Carson Listens In
Rimrock Jones
Short story writing : $b a practical treatise on the art of the short story
Aviation in Peace and War
Gold Out of Celebes
Church Cooperation in Community Life
The Biography of a Prairie Girl
The Social Work of the Salvation Army
Frontier Boys in the South Seas
The Sentimental Vikings
The Blind Man's Eyes
East of Suez: A Play in Seven Scenes
The Allied Countries and the Jews
Plays: Lady Frederick, The Explorer, A Man of Honour
And the Kaiser abdicates: The German Revolution November 1918-August 1919
The Chronicles of Rhoda
The Mother of Parliaments
Meg of Mystery Mountain
Overlooked
Rainy Week
Sir Quixote of the Moors: Being some account of an episode in the life of the Sieur de Rohaine
Stover at Yale
The Land of Promise: A Comedy in Four Acts
Mother Goose for Grown-ups
The Trufflers: A Story
American Unitarian Hymn Writers and Hymns
The Slav Nations
A Book of Nimble Beasts: Bunny Rabbit, Squirrel, Toad, and "Those Sort of People"
The Madness of Philip, and Other Tales of Childhood
The Sapphire Signet
Sweet Rocket
Deadlock: Pilgrimage, Volume 6
The Bojabi Tree
Jean of Greenacres
The Cinder Buggy: A Fable in Iron and Steel
The Early Irish Monastic Schools: A study of Ireland's contribution to early medieval culture
The Patchwork Papers
The Castlecourt Diamond Mystery
The Mine with the Iron Door
The Beneficent Burglar
ODTAA: A novel
Dawn in darkest Africa
The cowboy and the lady and her pa : $b A story of a fish out of water
The duplicate death
Especially dance hall women
Splashes of red
The Heritage of the Sioux
Back to God's Country and Other Stories
Old Rose and Silver
Tom Slade : Boy Scout of the Moving Pictures
Louis Agassiz as a Teacher; illustrative extracts on his method of instruction
The Gray Dawn
W. A. G.'s Tale
Vergil: A Biography
Seaward Sussex: The South Downs from End to End
Vandover and the Brute
The Honorable Percival
Arms and the Woman
The Story of Cooperstown
Where We Live: A Home Geography
Nancy McVeigh of the Monk Road
A Man to His Mate
Outside Inn
Bred of the Desert: A Horse and a Romance
Rick and Ruddy: The Story of a Boy and His Dog
Literature for Children
Who?
The Cathedrals of Southern France
First Person Paramount
By Canadian Streams
The Girl Next Door
The Angel
Adventurings in the Psychical
The House Opposite: A Mystery
The Spell of Flanders: An Outline of the History, Legends and Art of Belgium's Famous Northern Provinces
Copper Work: A Text Book for Teachers and Students in the Manual Arts
Polly the Pagan: Her Lost Love Letters
The Dull Miss Archinard
William Penn
Foods and Culinary Utensils of the Ancients
School Credit for Home Work
Prehistoric man
Flower Guide: Wild Flowers East of the Rockies: (Revised and with New Illustrations)
Germany's Dishonoured Army: Additional records of German atrocities in France
Physiology: The Science of the Body
Ellen Levis: A Novel
Much Ado About Something
Uther and Igraine
The Desert Trail
Peace in Friendship Village
The Fiddlers; Drink in the Witness Box
Pierrot, Dog of Belgium
Gloria: A Girl and Her Dad
Sculpture in Spain
The Sea Road to the East, Gibraltar to Wei-hai-wei: Six Lectures Prepared for the Visual Instruction Committee of the Colonial Office
Arabic Thought and Its Place in History
Divorce versus Democracy
Thoughts of Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus
Courtin' Christina
Danforth Plays the Game: Stories for Boys Little and Big
The Driver
The Young Continentals at Trenton
Lynch-law; an investigation into the history of lynching in the United States
Less than kin
College girls
The Moravians in Georgia, 1735-1740
The Suitors of Yvonne: being a portion of the memoirs of the Sieur Gaston de Luynes
Richard Carvel — Volume 08
That Printer of Udell's: A Story of the Middle West
The Tale of Brownie Beaver
Handel
Roy Blakeley: His Story
Fate Knocks at the Door: A Novel
No. 13 Washington Square
Greybeards at Play: Literature and Art for Old Gentlemen
Phyllis
Lulu, Alice and Jimmie Wibblewobble
Foes
An Outline of the Relations between England and Scotland (500-1707)
The Lion of Petra
The Second Chance
Shoe-Bar Stratton
The Future of Road-making in America
The Red Cross Girls with Pershing to Victory
Better Meals for Less Money
The Ranch Girls at Home Again
Joan Thursday: A Novel
Psychical Miscellanea: Being Papers on Psychical Research, Telepathy, Hypnotism, Christian Science, etc.
The Toy Shop: A Romantic Story of Lincoln the Man
Langford of the Three Bars
The Appendages, Anatomy, and Relationships of Trilobites
The Story of a Thousand-Year Pine
Illogical Geology, the Weakest Point in the Evolution Theory
Gypsy Verses
Tintoretto
Passing By
The Shadow of Victory: A Romance of Fort Dearborn
Our Little Cossack Cousin in Siberia
Our Little Austrian Cousin
The Willing Horse: A Novel
The Crime Club
Billy Topsail, M.D.: A Tale of Adventure With Doctor Luke of the Labrador
Chats on Military Curios
The Adventures of M. D'Haricot
The Crimson Patch
Wall Street stories
Psychology and parenthood
Scott Burton on the Range
Midwinter: Certain Travellers in Old England
Military Architecture in England During the Middle Ages
The philosophy of biology
In Lakeland Dells and Fells
The Golden Boys at the Haunted Camp
Valencia and Murcia, a glance at African Spain
Plants Poisonous to Live Stock
The old frontier: Te Awamutu, the story of the Waipa Valley: The missionary, the soldier, the pioneer farmer, early colonization, the war in Waikato, life on the Maori border and later-day settlement
War cartoons
The Independent Church of God of the Juda Tribe of Israel: The Black Jews: As a fade from black to pure white
Caleb Trench
Our polar flight
Tom Slade in the north woods
William Jordan, Junior
The Age of Invention: A Chronicle of Mechanical Conquest
Peacock Pie, a Book of Rhymes
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 5
Medieval Europe
From October to Brest-Litovsk
Introduction to the Old Testament
The Brass Bowl
Simón Bolívar (The Liberator): Patriot, Warrior, Statesman, Father of Five Nations, a Sketch of His Life and His Work
England of My Heart : Spring
The Inferno
Ireland Since Parnell
The Tale of Old Mr. Crow
The White Linen Nurse
With Steyn and De Wet
The Hills of Hingham
Doctor Rabbit and Brushtail the Fox
The Tale of Dickie Deer Mouse
The Tale of Jasper Jay: Tuck-Me-In Tales
The Tale of the The Muley Cow: Slumber-Town Tales
The Story of Wool
Explorers of the Dawn
The Escape of a Princess Pat: Being the full account of the capture and fifteen months' imprisonment of Corporal Edwards, of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry, and his final escape from Germany into Holland
Desert Conquest; or, Precious Waters
Poems for Pale People: A Volume of Verse
The clock that had no hands, and nineteen other essays about advertising
The Pirate Woman
Pip : A Romance of Youth
France
Murillo
The Sun's Babies
A Knight on Wheels
The Mountainy Singer
The Carter Girls
A Childhood in Brittany Eighty Years Ago
White Fire
Baseball Joe in the Central League; or, Making Good as a Professional Pitcher
Adrienne Toner: A Novel
The Radio Detectives Under the Sea
The Seven Sleuths' Club
Rambles in Normandy
The Chief of the Ranges: A Tale of the Yukon
How To Ski and How Not To
Air Men o' War
Captain of the Crew
The Revolt of the Oyster
A Gallant of Lorraine; vol. 1 of 2: François, Seigneur de Bassompierre, Marquis d'Haronel, Maréchal de France, 1579-1646
Memoir and Correspondence of Caroline Herschel
The Great Lakes: The Vessels That Plough Them: Their Owners, Their Sailors, and Their Cargoes, Together with a Brief History of Our Inland Seas
A Texas Blue Bonnet
Bertrand of Brittany
Moorish Remains in Spain
Along the Mohawk Trail; Or, Boy Scouts on Lake Champlain
The diary of Delia : Being a veracious chronicle of the kitchen, with some side-lights on the parlour
The Boy in the Bush
A Handy Guide for Beggars: Especially Those of the Poetic Fraternity: Being Sundry Explorations, Made While Afoot and Penniless in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. These Adventures Convey and Illustrate the Rules of Beggary for Poets and Some Others.
Shackleton in the Antarctic: Being the story of the British Antarctic expedition, 1907-1909
The conquest of the great Northwest, Volume 1 (of 2): $b Being the story of the adventurers of England known as the Hudson's Bay Company. New pages in the history of the Canadian northwest and western states
General Washington's spies on Long Island and in New York
The house of the wizard
The atom and the Bohr theory of its structure : $b an elementary presentation
Roman pictures
Tom Slade at Bear Mountain
The Bittermeads Mystery
The Unspeakable Perk
Buried Cities, Volume 2: Olympia
Martin Conisby's Vengeance
Ashton-Kirk, Investigator
The New South: A Chronicle of Social and Industrial Evolution
Why the Chimes Rang: A Play in One Act
The Tale of Timothy Turtle
The Birth of Yugoslavia, Volume 2
The Unknown Wrestler
The Enjoyment of Art
A Plea for the Criminal: Being a reply to Dr. Chapple's work: 'The Fertility of the Unfit', and an Attempt to explain the leading principles of Criminological and Reformatory Science
Contemporary Russian Novelists
The Frontier Boys in the Grand Canyon; Or, A Search for Treasure
How to Prosper in Boll Weevil Territory
The Professor's Mystery
Home Fires in France
A Boy of the Dominion: A Tale of Canadian Immigration
Life in a Railway Factory
Corot
The Secret Mark: An Adventure Story for Girls
The Natural History of Clay
Peter Cotterell's Treasure
A Journey in Southeastern Mexico
Through the Yukon Gold Diggings: A Narrative of Personal Travel
To the Fore with the Tanks!
Shell-shock and other neuropsychiatric problems : $b Presented in five hundred and eighty-nine case histories from the war literature, 1914-1918
Poems, 1914-1919
German Atrocities: An Official Investigation
The Hampdenshire Wonder
Pic the Weapon-Maker
Multitude and Solitude
Revolving Lights: Pilgrimage, Volume 7
Girls in Bookland
The Life of Cervantes
Diana of Kara-Kara
Into Mexico with General Scott: When attached to the Fourth United States Infantry, Division of Major-General William J. Worth, Corps of the famous Major-General Winfield Scott, known as Old Fuss and Feathers, campaign of 1847, lad Jerry Cameron marched and fought beside Second Lieutenant U. S. Grant all the way from Cera Cruz to the City of Mexico, where six thousand American soldiers planted the Stars and Stripes in the midst of one hundred and fifty thousand amazed people
Botanical features of the Algerian Sahara
Thomas Carlyle
Guide to the study of animal ecology
Uncle Wiggily's silk hat : $b or, A tall silk hat may be stylish and also useful; and How Uncle Wiggily brought home company without telling Nurse Jane; also How Uncle Wiggily tried to make salt water taffy
Sinclair's luck : $b A story of adventure in East Africa
Books and authors
In the Bishop's Carriage
A. V. Laider
The Iron Trail
Jimmie Higgins
Common Diseases of Farm Animals
The Tale of Sandy Chipmunk
Albert Dürer
The Amateur Gentleman
Jimgrim and Allah's Peace
The Wise Mamma Goose
The value of a praying mother
The Iron Furrow
Some Mooted Questions in Reinforced Concrete Design: American Society of Civil Engineers, Transactions, Paper No. 1169, Volume LXX, Dec. 1910
The Lighted Match
The Henchman
If You Touch Them They Vanish
Development of the Digestive Canal of the American Alligator
Wilmshurst of the Frontier Force
The Destroyer: A Tale of International Intrigue
The Widow [To Say Nothing of the Man]
Down the Yellowstone
Caybigan
The Girl Scouts at Camp Comalong; Or, Peg of Tamarack Hills
The Money Gods
The Radio Detectives
Miss Primrose: A Novel
Affinities, and Other Stories
Bobs, a Girl Detective
The Mystery of the Downs
The Turned-About Girls
The Scottish Parliament Before the Union of the Crowns
The Social Life of the Blackfoot Indians
The Fortunes of Garin
Winchester: A Sketch-Book
German Influence on British Cavalry
Some Experiences of a New Guinea Resident Magistrate
Sestrina: A romance of the South Seas
London
Cattle
On
The Lady from Long Acre
Three little maids
The adventures of Uncle Wiggily, the bunny rabbit gentleman with the twinkling pink nose
Adventures of the runaway rocking chair
Mary Regan
Confessions of a book-lover
Shuddering castle
The University of Hard Knocks
The South Pole; an account of the Norwegian Antarctic expedition in the "Fram," 1910-1912 — Volume 1
The Road to Providence
Aladdin O'Brien
Early European History
Santo Domingo: A Country with a Future
The White Waterfall
Christmas in Legend and Story: A Book for Boys and Girls
The Garden of the Plynck
Craftsmanship in Teaching
The Stolen Singer
The Marx He Knew
The Boy With the U. S. Fisheries
The Black Cross
Historic Boyhoods
Booker T. Washington, Builder of a Civilization
Heart of the Blue Ridge
History of the Kentucky Derby, 1875-1921
The Crimson Sweater
The Tempering
The Spell
Rules and Practice for Adjusting Watches
Fredericksburg and Its Many Points of Interest
The Socialist
Darkey Ways in Dixie
The Confounding of Camelia
The Silver Poppy
In Beaver World
Fires - Book 2: The Ovens, and Other Tales
Through Glacier Park: Seeing America First with Howard Eaton
The White Horses
South from Hudson Bay: An Adventure and Mystery Story for Boys
The Ocean Wireless Boys on the Pacific
The book of jade
The Sunbonnet Babies in Italy
Through South America
Breaking into the movies
The Bitter Cry of the Children
'Midst Arctic Perils: A Thrilling Story of Adventure in the Polar Regions
Secrets of Radar
Sea Scouts up-Channel
The Yellow Poppy
A Book About Myself
Royal Palaces of Spain
The Wishing-Stone Stories
The Gingerbread Boy and Joyful Jingle Play Stories
Never Fire First: A Canadian Northwest Mounted Story
April twilights, and other poems
The Road
The House of Spies
Special Detective (Ashton-Kirk)
Three Loving Ladies
No More Parades: A novel
The Glacier Gate: An Adventure Story
Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf
An Egyptian oasis : $b An account of the oasis of Kharga in the Libyan desert, with special reference to its history, physical geography, and water-supply
Joking apart
Uncle Wiggily on the farm : $b Or, How he hunted for eggs and was cause for alarm; and Bully and Bawly, the froggie boys; also how Uncle Wiggily helped nurse Jane with the house cleaning
The Hispanic Nations of the New World: A Chronicle of Our Southern Neighbors
Philip Steele of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police
Vandrad the Viking; Or, The Feud and the Spell
The Cheerful Cricket and Others
The Path of Life
Tutt and Mr. Tutt
Lawn Tennis for Ladies
Iranian Influence on Moslem Literature, Part I
The Christmas Dinner
Gunsight Pass: How Oil Came to the Cattle Country and Brought a New West
Oddsfish!
The Emigrant Trail
Christmas: A Story
Boy Scouts Mysterious Signal; Or, Perils of the Black Bear Patrol
The hindered hand : $b or, The reign of the repressionist
Chimney-Pot Papers
Mary Jane's City Home
Christmas Eve at Swamp's End
Betelguese: A Trip Through Hell
Crécy
The Women of Tomorrow
The Loves of Ambrose
Worrying Won't Win
The Ranch Girls' Pot of Gold
Manslaughter
The Sheriff of Badger: A Tale of the Southwest Borderland
A Northern Countryside
Freshwater Sponges, Hydroids & Polyzoa
The Brute
Whistler
On the Road to Bagdad: A Story of Townshend's Gallant Advance on the Tigris
The Shadow
The Story of the Munsters at Etreux, Festubert, Rue du Bois and Hulloch
Famous American Belles of the Nineteenth Century
The Old Dominion
Historical Guide to Old Charlottesville: With mention of its statues and of Albemarle's shrines
A "Temporary Gentleman" in France
Advanced Bridge; The Higher Principles of the Game Analysed and Explained
The Inventor. Introducing the Wishing Box. A Christmas Play
Wood and Stone: A Romance
Going Afoot: A book on walking.
Tom, Dick and Harriet
Harry's Island
Our town and civic duty
Nancy Brandon's Mystery
John Vytal: A Tale of the Lost Colony
The Architecture of Colonial America
Signs & Wonders
A King's Daughter: A Tragedy in Verse
How to Face Life
Measure Your Mind: The Mentimeter and How to Use It
The Golden Boys on the River Drive
The Young Section-Hand
The Boy's Book of Indians and the Wild West
The Love of Azalea
The Cream of the Jest: A comedy of evasions
Through the crater's rim
Wilderness Honey
The micro-organisms of the soil
Flying Plover: His stories, told him by Squat-by-the-fire
Syria, the land of Lebanon
Ending the depression through planned obsolescence
The Corsair in the war zone
His Dog
Orpheus in Mayfair, and Other Stories and Sketches
The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver
The Broad Highway
On Nothing & Kindred Subjects
Chivalry: Dizain des Reines
The Servant in the House
Savva and the Life of Man: Two plays by Leonid Andreyev
Triple Spies
Some Christian Convictions: A Practical Restatement in Terms of Present-Day Thinking
How to Cook Fish
The Border Boys Across the Frontier
A Syllabus of Kentucky Folk-Songs
Waiting for Daylight
Tante
Mystery Ranch
The Boy Scouts in A Trapper's Camp
Come Out of the Kitchen! A Romance
Living Up to Billy
Water Wizardry: A collection of tricks in which water is the chief agent
An American at Oxford
The Romance of a Great Store
The White Blackbird
The Last Rose of Summer
Dick Hamilton's Football Team; Or, A Young Millionaire On The Gridiron
Forbidden Cargoes
Under Wolfe's Flag; or, The Fight for the Canadas
Historic Girlhoods, Part One
Roy Blakeley: Lost, Strayed or Stolen
The Placid Pug, and Other Rhymes
Beggars
The Wild Turkey and Its Hunting
Sparky Ames of the Ferry Command
The Dance: Its Place in Art and Life
William—An Englishman
Old Europe's Suicide; or, The Building of a Pyramid of Errors: An Account of Certain Events in Europe During the Period 1912–1919
The Law of the Bolo
Sanctuary: A Bird Masque
The Crystal Palace and Other Legends
Pee-wee Harris, F.O.B. Bridgeboro
Larry Dexter, Reporter; Or, Strange Adventures in a Great City
Jim and Wally
Homestead Ranch
Valladolid, Oviedo, Segovia, Zamora, Avila & Zaragoza: An Historical & Descriptive Account
Billy Mink
Four Bells: A Tale of the Caribbean
Boy Scouts in the White Mountains: The Story of a Long Hike
In the Dead of Night
The voice at Johnnywater
Salt and the salt industry
The Rambler Club on the Texas border
The Rambler Club's house-boat
Within these walls
The reaping
Korea
Dreams and Dust
James Pethel
Further Adventures of Lad
The Path of Empire: A Chronicle of the United States as a World Power
Honoré de Balzac
The Golden Snare
Europe Revised
God's Country—And the Woman
Sociology and Modern Social Problems
Helen of the Old House
Opera Stories from Wagner
The Highwayman
The False Faces: Further Adventures from the History of the Lone Wolf
Kit of Greenacre Farm
Never-Fail Blake
Life of Abraham Lincoln: Little Blue Book Ten Cent Pocket Series No. 324
Boys' Book of Famous Soldiers
We Three
Personality in Literature
The Geneva Protocol
The Curlytops at Uncle Frank's Ranch; Or, Little Folks on Ponyback
Women of Mediæval France: Woman: in all ages and in all countries Vol. 5 (of 10)
Cinderella Jane
The Boss of Wind River
Socialism and Democracy in Europe
English Book-Illustration of To-day: Appreciations of the Work of Living English Illustrators, with Lists of Their Books
The Stronger Influence
The Roman Empire in the Light of Prophecy: The Rise, Progress, and End of the Fourth World-empire
Pioneer Roads and Experiences of Travelers (Volume 1)
Uruguay
Gérôme
Brother Billy
Nancy Brandon
The Compleat Bachelor
Anathema: A Tragedy in Seven Scenes
The Wire Tappers
The First Days of Man, as Narrated Quite Simply for Young Readers
Too Fat to Fight
When Sarah Saved the Day
The Republic of the Southern Cross, and other stories
For Your Sweet Sake: Poems
Yorkshire Vales and Wolds
The Luck of the Dudley Grahams: As Related in Extracts from Elizabeth Graham's Diary
Children of the Cliff
From Grieg to Brahms: Studies of Some Modern Composers and Their Art
The Seven Streams
Colonel Edward Buncombe, Fifth North Carolina Continental Regiment: His Life, Military Careeer, and Death While a Wounded Prisoner in Philadelphia During the War of the Revolution
Leon, Burgos and Salamanca: a historical and descriptive account
Riches and Poverty (1910)
Catalonia & the Balearic Islands: an historical and desciptive account
Treve
The Purple Pennant
Sarah of the Sahara: A Romance of Nomads Land
The West Point Rivals: or, Mark Mallory's Stratagem
Women wanted: The story written in blood red letters on the horizon of the Great World War
The loves of Pelleas and Etarre
Motley, and other poems
Danton: A study
The Red Cross girls with the Stars and Stripes
The alley cat's kitten
Mammonart: An essay in economic interpretation
Maida's little house
Acoustics of auditoriums
Desert and water gardens of the Red Sea : $b Being an account of the natives and the shore formations of the coast
Studies of trees in winter : $b A description of the deciduous trees of northeastern America
Fiddler's farewell
Boy Scouts in Mexico; Or, On Guard with Uncle Sam
The Old Merchant Marine: A Chronicle of American Ships and Sailors
The Native Son
Hira Singh : when India came to fight in Flanders
An essay on the American contribution and the democratic idea
The Adventures of Johnny Chuck
The Angel Adjutant of "Twice Born Men"
The Glory of the Conquered: The Story of a Great Love
In de Mornin' and Jes Gib Him One Ob Mine
Affair in Araby
Buddy and Brighteyes Pigg: Bed Time Stories
All in It : K(1) Carries On
Confidences: Talks With a Young Girl Concerning Herself
Preaching and Paganism
Parrot & Co.
The Patient Observer and His Friends
Engineering Bulletin No 1: Boiler and Furnace Testing
From Lower Deck to Pulpit
Last Poems
Ship-Bored
Light On the Child's Path
Some Naval Yarns
Sure Pop and the Safety Scouts
Northern Diamonds
John Dene of Toronto: A Comedy of Whitehall
The Phase Rule and Its Applications
The Story of Louie
Problems of the Pacific
In the Foreign Legion
Carlo Dolci
Pike & Cutlass: Hero Tales of Our Navy
In the Track of R. L. Stevenson and Elsewhere in Old France
Lafayette, We Come!: The Story of How a Young Frenchman Fought for Liberty in America and How America Now Fights for Liberty in France
Mystery Wings: A Mystery Story for Boys
The Long Patrol: A Tale of the Mounted Police
The Still-Room
Neighborhood Stories
Ancient Apostles
The Little Black Princess: A True Tale of Life in the Never-Never Land
The Garden God: A Tale of Two Boys
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Samuel Hopkins Adams
Finkler's Field: A Story of School and Baseball
A Guide for the Dissection of the Dogfish (Squalus Acanthias)
Pig Raising: A Manual for Pig Clubs
Exits and Entrances
Boy Scouts in California; or, The Flag on the Cliff
Lambkin's Remains
Raw Material
What Price Peace?
The Pagan's Progress
The Rambler Club's motor car
The Van Roon
The lure of Piper's Glen
Life and literature in the Roman republic
What luck! A study in opposites
Hitting the line
Temptations
Nigeria : $b Its peoples and its problems
Thoughts of the servant of God, Thérèse of the Child Jesus : $b The little flower of Jesus, Carmelite of the monastery of Lisieux, 1873-1897
Uncle Wiggily's rolling hoop : $b or, How the bunny gentleman gets mixed up, and Uncle Wiggily and the Snappy Shark, also Uncle Wiggily's bob sled
The Curlytops at Cherry Farm : $b Or, Vacation days in the country
The fear of living : $b (La peur de vivre)
The model village and its cottages : $b Bournville
The Cruise of the Jasper B.
A Plea for Old Cap Collier
Pioneers of the Old South: A Chronicle of English Colonial Beginnings
Sowing Seeds in Danny
Flower of the North: A Modern Romance
The Eye of Zeitoon
Richard Carvel — Volume 02
Red Fleece
The Further Adventures of Jimmie Dale
A Deal in Wheat and Other Stories of the New and Old West
The Daredevil
The Library of Work and Play: Gardening and Farming.
The Crest-Wave of Evolution: A Course of Lectures in History, Given to the Graduates' Class in the Raja-Yoga College, Point Loma, in the College-Year 1918-19
On Commando
Letters from France
Golden Lads
Homeburg Memories
While Caroline Was Growing
Molly Brown's Orchard Home
Lessons on Soil
Why They Married
Beatrice Leigh at College: A Story for Girls
The Path of Dreams: Poems
The Gate of Appreciation: Studies in the Relation of Art to Life
Malcolm Sage, Detective
The Mermaid of Druid Lake, and Other Stories
The Wide Awake Girls in Winsted
The Deaves Affair
Kant's Theory of Knowledge
Helena Brett's Career
Literature in the Elementary School
The Black Eagle Mystery
White Otter
Among the Canadian Alps
In Kali's Country: Tales from Sunny India
A Safety Match
An English Girl's First Impressions of Burmah
The Carter Girls' Mysterious Neighbors
A Lost Cause
A Quarter-Back's Pluck: A Story of College Football
The Cubies' ABC
Sargent
Candy-Making at Home: Two hundred ways to make candy with home flavors and professional finish
The Thick of the Fray at Zeebrugge, April 1918
The Curlytops at Sunset Beach; Or, What Was Found in the Sand
Origin of the 'Reorganized' Church and the Question of Succession
Experiments on the Spoilage of Tomato Ketchup
Men and Things
Durham: A Sketch-Book
Jim Mortimer
Motor Transports in War
The Yellow Typhoon
Interim: Pilgrimage, Volume 5
Peter Vischer
The Land of Joy
Cartoons on the War
Me: A Book of Remembrance
Tutankhamen and the Discovery of His Tomb by the Late Earl of Carnarvon and Mr. Howard Carter
The Mysterious Stranger and Other Cartoons
Women of Belgium: Turning Tragedy to Triumph
The Rise and Fall of Prohibition: The Human Side of What the Eighteenth Amendment and the Volstead Act Have Done to the United States
The Steam-Shovel Man
A Montessori Mother
Uncle Wiggily on The Flying Rug; Or, The Great Adventure on a Windy March Day
The Spirit of Japanese Art
Guarding His Goal
An American Crusader at Verdun
Phœbe
Mr. Togo: Maid of all Work
Theodore Savage: A Story of the Past or the Future
A United States Midshipman in the Philippines
Kak, the Copper Eskimo
Tramping With a Poet in the Rockies
A backwoods princess
The plums of New York
Stories to Tell to Children
Songs, Merry and Sad
The City That Was: A Requiem of Old San Francisco
The Mirrors of Washington
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 6
The Crisis — Volume 03
The Art of the Exposition: Personal Impressions of the Architecture, Sculpture, Mural Decorations, Color Scheme & Other Aesthetic Aspects of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition
Calvary Alley
Collected Poems 1901-1918 in Two Volumes. Volume II.
The Trail of the Tramp: By A-No. 1, the Famous Tramp, Written by Himself from Actual Experiences of His Own Life
Port O' Gold: A History-Romance of the San Francisco Argonauts
William of Germany
Under Sealed Orders
Jacqueline of Golden River
Some One Like You
Skookum Chuck Fables: Bits of History, Through the Microscope
Levels of Living: Essays on Everyday Ideals
The Moral Economy
The courting of Lady Jane
The Dominant Dollar
Bournemouth, Poole & Christchurch
A Day with Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy
In Times Like These
Landmarks in the History of Early Christianity
Virginia under the Stuarts 1607-1688
Wunpost
Their Son; The Necklace
Song-Surf
The Gray Mask
Phases of an Inferior Planet
Hints to Pilgrims
Loaded Dice
The Critical Game
The Unpublishable Memoirs
Superwomen
Indian and Scout: A Tale of the Gold Rush to California
The Soul Stealer
The Ocean Wireless Boys and the Lost Liner
The Battle of Sempach
Witches Cove: A Mystery Story for Girls
The Arrow of Fire: A Mystery Story for Boys
The Bungalow Boys North of Fifty-Three
The Old Log Cabin
The Ocean Wireless Boys on War Swept Seas
Boy Scouts on the Open Plains; Or, The Round-Up Not Ordered
Red Belts
Back to Life
Goslings
His Little World: The Story of Hunch Badeau
Rebellion
Miss Numè of Japan: A Japanese-American Romance
The Golden Boys With the Lumber Jacks
The German Secret Service in America 1914-1918
Hunting the Hun
With Carson and Frémont: Being the Adventures, in the Years 1842-'43-'44, on Trail Over Mountains and Through Deserts From the East of the Rockies to the West of the Sierras, of Scout Christopher Carson and Lieutenant John Charles Frémont, Leading Their Brave Company Including the Boy Oliver
From Billabong to London
Uncle Wiggily and the Pirates; Or, How the Enemy Craft of Pirate Fox was Sunk
A Japanese Nightingale
Marie Corelli: The Writer and the Woman
The Old House: A Novel
Benton's Venture
Where Stillwater Runs Deep
Some Problems of the Peace Conference
The boys' book of buccaneers
Bonnie May
An ivory trader in North Kenia : $b the record of an expedition through Kikuyu to Galla-land in east equatorial Africa; with an account of the Rendili and Burkeneji tribes
The love-affairs of the Condés (1530-1740)
The vow : $b a novel
Cambridge
Sidney Lanier
In the Sweet Dry and Dry
The Valley of Silent Men: A Story of the Three River Country
The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke
Their Yesterdays
The Cruise of the Kawa: Wanderings in the South Seas
Till the Clock Stops
The Adventures of Mr. Mocker
The Courage of Captain Plum
Mary Jane—Her Visit
The Voice in the Fog
The Second Class Passenger: Fifteen Stories
Eating in Two or Three Languages
Tom Slade with the Boys Over There
Phantom Wires: A Novel
The Seventh Noon
The Psychical Researcher's Tale - The Sceptical Poltergeist: From "The New Decameron", Volume III.
Frontier Boys on the Coast; Or, In the Pirate's Power
The Camp Fire Girls Across the Seas
The Spy in Black
Contemporary American History, 1877-1913
The Troubles of Biddy: A Pretty Little Story
The Azure Rose: A Novel
Through Welsh Doorways
The Boy Scouts' Mountain Camp
Watched by Wild Animals
Fires - Book 3: The Hare, and Other Tales
Over the Front in an Aeroplane, and Scenes Inside the French and Flemish Trenches
Little Books About Old Furniture. Volume II. The Period of Queen Anne
The Boy Aviators in Record Flight; Or, The Rival Aeroplane
Dutch Bulbs and Gardens
The Ocean Wireless Boys on the Atlantic
The Stolen Cruiser
English Monasteries
The Mentor: Bolivia, vol. 5, Num. 18, Serial 142, November 1, 1917
Salvation Universal
Beaufort Chums
The Yellow Dove
Farquharson of Glune
Under Many Flags
The Golden Circle: A Mystery Story for Girls
The Stone Axe of Burkamukk
Double Play: A Story of School and Baseball
The Chinese Kitten
The Four Stragglers
Tales of a Cruel Country
Yesterdays in the Philippines
The Second Boys' Book of Model Aeroplanes
Madrid: an historical description and handbook of the Spanish capital
The Trap: Pilgrimage, Volume 8
A West Point Treasure; Or, Mark Mallory's Strange Find
Object, Matrimony
Easy come, easy go
Tales of the Long Bow
Smugglers' Island and the devil fires of San Moros
Animal intelligence: Experimental studies
The man-killers
Jefferson and Hamilton : $b The struggle for democracy in America
Willow the king : $b The story of a cricket match
Coniston — Volume 01
The Curlytops on Star Island; Or, Camping out with Grandpa
The Perils of Pauline
Great Fortunes from Railroads
The Line of Love; Dizain des Mariages
Ski-running
The Dozen from Lakerim
Fighting in Flanders
The Forty-Niners: A Chronicle of the California Trail and El Dorado
The Minister and the Boy: A Handbook for Churchmen Engaged in Boys' Work
The Truce of God
Success (Second Edition)
Sundown Slim
"The Fotygraft Album": Shown to the New Neighbor by Rebecca Sparks Peters Aged Eleven
Everychild : $b A story which the old may interpret to the young and which the young may interpret to the old
Exciting Adventures of Mister Robert Robin
Colonel Crockett's Co-operative Christmas
Fireside Stories for Girls in Their Teens
Our Homeland Churches and How to Study Them
The Key to Yesterday
The Mythologies of Ancient Mexico and Peru
A Night in Avignon
Peeps at Postage Stamps
The Book of the Little Past
Braddock's Road and Three Relative Papers
"Speaking of Prussians--"
Full-Back Foster
Baseball Joe in the World Series; or, Pitching for the Championship
The Abandoned Farmers: His Humorous Account of a Retreat from the City to the Farm
Third Warning: A Mystery Story for Girls
Little Pilgrimages Among the Men Who Have Written Famous Books
The Marquis D'Argenson: A Study in Criticism: Being the Stanhope Essay: Oxford, 1893
Daisy Herself
Greece and the Ægean Islands
Heart's Kindred
A Selected Bibliography of Virginia, 1607-1699
The Young Train Dispatcher
The Owl Taxi
Doctor Rabbit and Tom Wildcat
Jet Plane Mystery
Portraits of the Nineties
Icebound: A Play
The Golden Book of Springfield
The Gray Shadow: A Mystery Story For Boys
Norah of Billabong
From Office Boy to Reporter; Or, The First Step in Journalism
Follow the Ball
Guide Book to Williamsburg Old and New
The Timber Treasure
A Village in Picardy
Radio-Activity
The House of Adventure
His Royal Nibs
In Kentucky with Daniel Boone
The Red Lodge: A Mystery of Campden Hill
An Oberland Châlet
Uncle Wiggily's June Bug friends : $b or, How the June Bugs brought joy to Uncle Wiggily; and The Skillery Scallery Alligator; also, How Uncle Wiggily picked some flowers
The salon and English letters : $b Chapters on the interrelations of literature and society in the age of Johnson
The pioneer : $b A tale of two states
Platonism in English poetry of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
How much Bolshevism is there in America? : $b Also a series of articles entitled "Russia from the inside"
The Trail of the White Mule
A Far Country — Volume 3
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 3
The Tale of Tommy Fox
The Prospective Mother, a Handbook for Women During Pregnancy
The Journal of Arthur Stirling : ("The Valley of the Shadow")
Foliage: Various Poems
The Comrade in White
The Mystery of the Boule Cabinet: A Detective Story
The Visioning: A Novel
Calvert of Strathore
The Moon Rock
A Man Four-Square
Over Paradise Ridge: A Romance
Square Deal Sanderson
The Jester of St. Timothy's
A Melody in Silver
Avril: Being Essays on the Poetry of the French Renaissance
Plays of Near & Far
The Curlytops and Their Pets; Or, Uncle Toby's Strange Collection
The Wars Between England and America
Apron-Strings
A Horse Book
In The Valley Of The Shadow
Irish Ned: The Winnipeg Newsy
Stanford Stories: Tales of a Young University
The Mother
They Shall Not Pass
Right off the Bat: Baseball Ballads
The Pleasures of the Country: Simple Stories for Young People
Out of the Air
Everyday Adventures
The Hero of Panama: A Tale of the Great Canal
The Radio Detectives in the Jungle
Bell's Cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of Lincoln: A History and Description of its Fabric and a List of the Bishops
The Crystal Ball: A Mystery Story for Girls
Red Dynamite: A Mystery Story for Boys
Hour of Enchantment: A Mystery Story for Girls
With the Dyaks of Borneo: A Tale of the Head Hunters
The Lady of North Star
Famous Frontiersmen and Heroes of the Border: Their Adventurous Lives and Stirring Experiences in Pioneer Days
The Motor Rangers' Wireless Station
The Border Boys Along the St. Lawrence
Carter, and Other People
The Eighth Year: A Vital Problem of Married Life
Little Jack Rabbit and Danny Fox
Right Tackle Todd
Why Armenia Should Be Free: Armenia's Rôle in the Present War
Corporal Tikitanu, V.C.
Dauber: A Poem
Thieves' Wit: An Everyday Detective Story
Donahey's Cartoons
The Rainbow Cat
Magnetation Methods of Birth Control
The Running Fight
The Deep Sea Hunters: Adventures on a Whaler
The Literary Discipline
A Year with a Whaler
The House of Islâm
Adam Smith
Little Joe Otter
Rich men's children
The book of Evelyn
To arms for liberty: A pageant of the war for schools and societies
Cactus and pine: Songs of the Southwest
The Rambler Club's ball nine
An imperial lover
The Black-Bearded Barbarian : The Life of George Leslie Mackay of Formosa
Bruce
The Canadian Dominion: A Chronicle of Our Northern Neighbor
The Thrall of Leif the Lucky: A Story of Viking Days
Isobel : A Romance of the Northern Trail
Normandy: The Scenery & Romance of Its Ancient Towns, Part 2
George Washington: Farmer: Being an Account of His Home Life and Agricultural Activities
Penny Plain
The Historic Thames
Mountain Idylls, and Other Poems
George Du Maurier, the Satirist of the Victorians
The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary
Roads from Rome
A Book of English Prose: Part II, Arranged for Secondary and High Schools
Civilization: Tales of the Orient
Roy Blakeley's Bee-line Hike
A German Pompadour: Being the Extraordinary History of Wilhelmine van Grävenitz, Landhofmeisterin of Wirtemberg
The Surrender of Santiago: An Account of the Historic Surrender of Santiago to General; Shafter, July 17, 1898
Roy Blakeley's Camp on Wheels
The End of the Rainbow
The heart of Thunder Mountain
History of the Constitutions of Iowa
The Bachelors: A Novel
Sinn Fein: An Illumination
William Blake, the Man
Sonnets and Songs
A Son of the Sahara
The Fire-Gods: A Tale of the Congo
The Siege of Mafeking (1900)
Farmer George, Volume 2
Thirty Canadian V.Cs., 23d April 1915 to 30th March 1918
Under the Star-Spangled Banner: A Tale of the Spanish-American War
The Inca Emerald
On the Yukon Trail: Radio-Phone Boys Series, #2
A Watch-dog of the North Sea: A Naval Story of the Great War
Days Before history
The Unknown; A Play in Three Acts
Mary Jane Down South
Landed Gentry: A Comedy in Four Acts
Zone therapy; or, Relieving pain at home
John Baring's House
Dick Lester of Kurrajong
The Lost Explorers: A Story of the Trackless Desert
Windmills and wooden shoes
Pee-wee Harris in Luck
The Restoration of the Gospel
On the Plains with Custer: The Western Life and Deeds of the Chief With the Yellow Hair, Under Whom Served Boy Bugler Ned Fletcher, When in the Troublous Years 1866–1876 the Fighting Seventh Cavalry Helped to Win Pioneer Kansas, Nebraska, and Dakota for White Civilization and Today's Peace
Selected Poems
Dutch Methods of Birth Control
The Oxbow Wizard
The Shadow-Eater
A Child of the Orient
The Man Higher Up
Fighting King George
Correlated courses in woodwork and mechanical drawing
The path of honor: A tale of the war in the Bocage
The narcotic drug problem
The quenchless light
Jungle night
Chantemerle : $b A romance of the Vendean War
The will to live (Les Roquevillard) : $b A novel
Attila and the Huns
A Christmas prayer
Patricia at the inn
Something about sugar : $b Its history, growth, manufacture and distribution
The Ward of King Canute: A Romance of the Danish Conquest
A Far Country — Volume 2
Mates at Billabong
Lovey Mary
Boy Scouts in an Airship; Or, The Warning from the Sky
Salute to Adventurers
Old Lady Number 31
Paths of Glory: Impressions of War Written at and Near the Front
The Call of the North
Beneficiary Features of American Trade Unions
The Young Wireless Operator—As a Fire Patrol: Or, The Story of a Young Wireless Amateur Who Made Good as a Fire Patrol
A Century of Wrong
Digger Smith
The Canadian Commonwealth
Catholic Problems in Western Canada
Practical Forestry in the Pacific Northwest: Protecting Existing Forests and Growing New Ones, from the Standpoint of the Public and That of the Lumberman, with an Outline of Technical Methods
The Substitute Prisoner
Betty Wales, Senior
A Mating in the Wilds
The Mystics: A Novel
Boy Scouts on Hudson Bay; Or, The Disappearing Fleet
The Thunders of Silence
Amabel Channice
Liége on the line of march : $b an American girl's experiences when the Germans came through Belgium
The Adventurers of England on Hudson Bay: A Chronicle of the Fur Trade in the North
The Evolution of Sinn Fein
The Wayfarers
Chance in Chains: A Story of Monte Carlo
The Great American Canals (Volume 2, The Erie Canal)
Military Roads of the Mississippi Basin
Mostly Mary
For the Honor of Randall: A Story of College Athletics
Matins
Builders of United Italy
The Seer of Slabsides
Sometub's Cruise on the C. & O. Canal: The narrative of a motorboat vacation in the heart of Maryland
Our Little Czecho-Slovak Cousin
Pilots of the Republic: The Romance of the Pioneer Promoter in the Middle West
Deering of Deal; Or, The Spirit of the School
Famous Indian Chiefs: Their Battles, Treaties, Sieges, and Struggles with the Whites for the Possession of America
The Island of Enchantment
The Mentor: Makers of American Fiction, Vol. 6, Num. 14, Serial No. 162, September 1, 1918
Faith and Duty: Sermons on Free Texts, with Reference to the Church-Year
Some Eccentrics & a Woman
Vaiti of the Islands
The Book of the Otter: A manual for sportsmen and naturalists
Across South America: An account of a journey from Buenos Aires to Lima by way of Potosí, with notes on Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and Peru
A Book of Birds
My Year of the Great War
Taking the Census: A Farce
The Dreadnought Boys in Home Waters
Enchantment
Ski-running
Sea Scouts All: How the "Olivette" was won
My Lady Clancarty : $b being the true story of the Earl of Clancarty and Lady Elizabeth Spencer
Birds of Britain
Scott Burton and the Timber Thieves
Fenris, the Wolf: A Tragedy
Winning His "Y": A Story of School Athletics
The Prisoner at the Bar: Sidelights on the Administration of Criminal Justice
The Power of a Lie
A Thousand Years Ago: A Romance of the Orient
Verses and Sonnets
Deep Sea Hunters in the Frozen Seas
Drug Plants Under Cultivation
Neurosyphilis : $b Modern systematic diagnosis and treatment presented in one hundred and thirty-seven case histories
A Garden of Girls; Or, Famous Schoolgirls of Former Days
Puck's Broom: The wonderful adventures of George Henry & his dog Alexander who went to seek their fortunes in the Once upon a time land
The Secret Play
The Personal Relation in Industry
Letters to Judd, an American Workingman
In Texas with Davy Crockett
The Aftermath; Or, Gleanings from a Busy Life: Called upon the outer cover, for purposes of sale, Caliban's Guide to Letters
The Laugh Maker
Antimachus of Colophon and the Position of Women in Greek Poetry: A fragment printed for the use of scholars
The Treasure Trail
The Lone Trail
The cobbler of Nîmes
The adventurous lady
Bonanza: A story of the Gold Trail
Surprise house
A decade of negro extension work, 1914-1924
Blix
"Speaking of Operations--"
Theodore Roosevelt and His Times: A Chronicle of the Progressive Movement
The Boss and the Machine: A Chronicle of the Politicians and Party Organization
Dr. Jonathan
The Black Creek Stopping-House, and Other Stories
Jim Waring of Sonora-Town; Or, Tang of Life
How John Became a Man: Life Story of a Motherless Boy
Crusaders of New France: A Chronicle of the Fleur-de-Lis in the Wilderness; Chronicles of America, Volume 4
Boy Blue and His Friends
My Lady of the Chinese Courtyard
Boy Scouts in the Canal Zone; Or, The Plot Against Uncle Sam
More Peers : Verses
Making People Happy
Pathfinders of the Great Plains: A Chronicle of La Vérendrye and his Sons
Twelve Preludes for the Pianoforte Op. 25: I. Prelude in F Major
The Auto Boys' Mystery
Told on the Pagoda: Tales of Burmah
Exempting the Churches: An Argument for the Abolition of This Unjust and Unconstitutional Practice
The Boy Scouts at the Panama Canal
In the grip of the Mullah: A tale of adventure in Somaliland
Don Hale with the Flying Squadron
The Seven Darlings
Sign of the Green Arrow: A Mystery Story
Journal of Small Things
Humanistic Studies of the University of Kansas, Vol. 1
The Story of a Baby
With Force and Arms: A Tale of Love and Salem Witchcraft
The Young Train Master
Honeycomb: Pilgrimage, Volume 3
The Sea Monarch
The Lost Tribes of the Irish in the South: An Address at the Annual Dinner of the American Irish Historical Society, January 6, 1917
Trail-Tales of Western Canada
Buster Bear's Twins
The Girl of the Golden Gate
Team-Mates
A Doctor in France, 1917-1919: The Diary of Harold Barclay
Mr. Justice Maxell
The Day of Glory
A White King in East Africa: The Remarkable Adventures of John Boyes, Trader and Soldier of Fortune, Who Became King of the Savage Wa-Kikuyu
The Cable Game: The Adventures of an American Press-Boat in Turkish Waters During the Russian Revolution
Sylvia: A Novel
Terrain Exercises
War in the Underseas
Nameless River
The Smoky Valley: Reproductions of a series of Lithographs of the Smoky Valley in Kansas
How to Sing
Venice
Another Man's Shoes
A United States Midshipman in China
The Overman
Mr. Keegan's Elopement
Toodle and Noodle Flat-tail: The Jolly Beaver Boys
Helps and hints for Hallowe'en
Betty Wales on the campus
Uncle Wiggily on roller skates: $b Or, What happened when the Skillery Skallery Alligator gave chase; and, Uncle Wiggily is snowballed by the Fox and Wolf; also, Uncle Wiggily plays a joke on the Wolf
The monster-hunters
Polite bunny
Bouncing Bet
The book of Martha
The Emperor of Elam, and other stories
The second adventures of Uncle Wiggily : $b The bunny rabbit gentleman and his muskrat lady housekeeper
The other half
Dick Hamilton's Airship; Or, A Young Millionaire in the Clouds
A Far Country — Volume 1
Richard Carvel — Volume 01
The Celebrity, Volume 03
Right Royal
A Fountain Sealed
The Sign at Six
Normandy: The Scenery & Romance of Its Ancient Towns, Part 1
Normandy: The Scenery & Romance of Its Ancient Towns, Part 3
Caesar Dies
Peace Theories and the Balkan War
A Spinner in the Sun
The Diamond Master
The Melting of Molly
The Bad Man: A Novel
Bunny Rabbit's Diary
The Boss of the Lazy Y
Poems
The Dude Wrangler
Between the Lines
Young Hilda at the Wars
The Prodigal Father
The Third Miss Symons
Desert Dust
Christopher Hibbault, Roadmaker
Prince and Rover of Cloverfield Farm
Mountain Meditations, and some subjects of the day and the war
The Lieutenant-Governor: A Novel
The Belovéd Traitor
The Winning of the Golden Spurs
Behind the Mirrors: The Psychology of Disintegration at Washington
Our Railroads To-Morrow
Kisington Town
Stories of the Ships
Our Little Polish Cousin
Great Cities of the United States: Historical, Descriptive, Commercial, Industrial
The Sea-girt Fortress: A Story of Heligoland
Some Protective Designs of the Dakota
The Child of the Moat: A Story for Girls. 1557 A.D.
The Author's Desk Book: Being a Reference Volume upon Questions of the Relations of the Author to the Publisher, Copyright, The Relation of the Contributor to the Magazine, Mechanics of the Book, Arrangement of the Book, Making of the Index, Etc.
The Red Cross Girls in Belgium
The Woman & the Priest
Latvia & Russia: One problem of the world-peace considered
The laughing bear, and other stories
Vacation Camping for Girls
Bringing up the Boy: A Message to Fathers and Mothers from a Boy of Yesterday Concerning the Men of To-morrow
Cambridge and Its Colleges
Horse Training by Modern Methods
Merrimeg
Bobbins of Belgium: A book of Belgian lace, lace-workers, lace-schools and lace-villages
A Maid in Arcady
Orkney and Shetland
Rosemary and Pansies
The Christmas Reindeer
The Story My Doggie Told to Me
With John Paul Jones
Virginia's Ranch Neighbors
The Memoirs of a Failure: with an Account of the Man and His Manuscript
The Big Mogul
Don Hale Over There
The story of Islam
Brothers and sisters
Motor-car principles; the gasoline automobile
Library Work with Children
History of the Catholic Church from the Renaissance to the French Revolution — Volume 2
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 2
The Net
The Piper: A Play in Four Acts
Hillsboro People
Charred Wood
The Princess Elopes
With Our Soldiers in France
Gold Seekers of '49
At Plattsburg
Children of the desert
Duncan Polite, the Watchman of Glenoro
Jimmy Kirkland and the Plot for a Pennant
Tourcoing
Higgins, a Man's Christian
The New Germany
The Supposed Autographa of John the Scot
Grit Lawless
Tragedy
The Morning Glory Club
The Rescue
The Secret Cache: An Adventure and Mystery Story for Boys
Hell's Hatches
The Wonder of War on Land
Germany's Vanishing Colonies
The Last Ditch
A Sub and a Submarine: The Story of H.M. Submarine R19 in the Great War
Hugh Gwyeth: A Roundhead Cavalier
Beautiful Lakeland
Umé San in Japan
My Two Countries
The S.S. Glory
The Moon Maid
The Secret Way
Kitty Carstairs
Wongo and the Wise Old Crow
Buffalo Bill and the Overland Trail: Being the story of how boy and man worked hard and played hard to blaze the white trail, by wagon train, stage coach and pony express, across the great plains and the mountains beyond, that the American republic might expand and flourish
A History of Kansas
At Odds with the Regent: A Story of the Cellamare Conspiracy
The Kingmakers
Twinkle Toes and His Magic Mittens
Women of 'Ninety-Eight
The time spirit: A romantic tale
Rustlers beware!
Landmarks in Russian literature
Women and economic evolution: or, The effects of industrial changes upon the status of women
The Ranch Girls and the silver arrow
The early English cotton industry
For the freedom of the seas
Nid and Nod
Westy Martin in the Rockies
The life of John Worth Kern
The curse of the Reckaviles
Love in chief : $b A novel
Vain oblations
Shelley
The Story of Wellesley
Ballads of Peace in War
The Love Sonnets of a Hoodlum
Richard Carvel — Volume 06
Definitions: Essays in Contemporary Criticism [First Series]
Boy Scouts in a Submarine; Or, Searching an Ocean Floor
The Short Line War
Laughing Bill Hyde and Other Stories
What to See in England: A Guide to Places of Historic Interest, Natural Beauty or Literary Association
Patricia
The Thunder Bird
Down the Chimney
H. G. Wells
Tangled Trails: A Western Detective Story
My Second Year of the War
Krindlesyke
Tom Slade at Black Lake
Little White Fox and his Arctic Friends
A terminal market system, New York's most urgent need : $b some observations, comments, and comparisons of European markets
The Trimming of Goosie
Commercialism and Journalism
Modern Americans: A Biographical School Reader for the Upper Grades
The Camp Fire Girls on the Field of Honor
When the Cock Crows
American World Policies
Idonia: A Romance of Old London
The Triumph of Virginia Dale
The Carleton Case
Bat Wing Bowles
Molly Brown's Post-Graduate Days
Etain the Beloved, and Other Poems
Unfettered: A Novel
Brave Deeds of Union Soldiers
Bellini
Colonel Washington
The Young Cavalier: A Story of the Civil Wars
Johnny Longbow
Herbs and Apples
On Your Mark! A Story of College Life and Athletics
The Boy Aviators with the Air Raiders: A Story of the Great World War
Touring in 1600: A Study in the Development of Travel as a Means of Education
The Border Boys on the Trail
The Scouts of Seal Island
The Boy Aviators in Nicaragua; or, In League with the Insurgents
The Salving of the "Fusi Yama": A Post-War Story of the Sea
Willow Pollen
Merry Tales
York: A Sketch-Book
The Vermilion Pencil: A Romance of China
The Book of the V.C.: A record of the deeds of heroism for which the Victoria Cross has been bestowed, from its institution in 1857 to the present time
Foxhunting on the Lakeland Fells
The Wanderers
Doctor Rabbit and Ki-Yi Coyote
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Don Marquis
The Land of Content
Clipped Wings
Solario the Tailor: His Tales of the Magic Doublet
Around the Boree Log, and Other Verses
On the Border with Andrew Jackson
Virginia of V. M. Ranch
The Curlytops in the Woods; Or, Fun at the Lumber Camp
Elsie Lindtner: A sequel to "The Dangerous Age"
Unpopular government in the United States
The girl in the crowd
Lot & Company
The evergreen tree
The Canterbury pilgrims : $b A comedy
Somewhere south in Sonora : $b A novel
Mr. Belloc still objects to Mr. Wells's "Outline of history"
The Dwelling Place of Light — Volume 3
Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch
Black Caesar's Clan : A Florida Mystery Story
Richard Carvel — Volume 05
The Honor of the Big Snows
The Camp Fire Girls at Sunrise Hill
The Calling of Dan Matthews
Daddy Takes Us Skating
Antwerp to Gallipoli: A Year of the War on Many Fronts—and Behind Them
Sonnets by the Nawab Nizamat Jung Bahadur
The happiest time of their lives
Ravenna, a Study
The Threshold Grace: Meditations in the Psalms
Andrew the Glad
The Ragged Edge
A Splendid Hazard
Sally Bishop: A Romance
Rogers-isms, the Cowboy Philosopher on the Peace Conference
Theft: A Play In Four Acts
Far Past the Frontier
Great Britain at War
One Way Out: A Middle-class New-Englander Emigrates to America
Patrician and Plebeian: Or The Origin and Development of the Social Classes of the Old Dominion
Sawtooth Ranch
The Country Beyond: A Romance of the Wilderness
The Little Brown Hen Hears the Song of the Nightingale & The Golden Harvest
Nirvana Days
The forward pass in football
Spotted Deer
The Wireless Officer
Bridge Axioms and Laws
The Lash
Historic Shrines of America: Being the Story of One Hundred and Twenty Historic Buildings and the Pioneers Who Made Them Notable
In Memorabilia Mortis
Christmas Roses and Other Stories
The Red Lure
Running Fox
The phantom violin : $b a mystery story for girls
The Camp Fire Girls Amid the Snows
Four Afoot: Being the Adventures of the Big Four on the Highway
A Daughter of the Morning
The Merry Anne
A Gallant of Lorraine; vol. 2 of 2: François, Seigneur de Bassompierre, Marquis d'Haronel, Maréchal de France, 1579-1646
The Chronic Loafer
Friendship Village Love Stories
Stories of the Cave People
The Red Cross Girls on the French Firing Line
The Twins of Emu Plains
The Prisoners of Hartling
Over There with the Marines at Chateau Thierry
The Red Saint
Hard-Pan: A Story of Bonanza Fortunes
The industrial republic: a study of the America of ten years hence
The Tale of Bunny Cotton-Tail
Sir Isumbras at the Ford
Green Timber Thoroughbreds
The Land of Afternoon: A Satire
Things
The River of London
Satire in the Victorian novel
The Tuberculosis Nurse: Her Function and Her Qualifications: A Handbook for Practical Workers in the Tuberculosis Campaign
The Prodigal Pro Tem
Down among men
The poisoned paradise: A romance of Monte Carlo
Post mortem: Essays, historical and medical
My experiments with volcanoes
Emmanuel Burden, merchant, of Thames St., in the city of London, exporter of hardware : $b A record of his lineage, speculations, last days and death
Printing and bookbinding for schools
Granny Maumee; The rider of dreams; Simon the Cyrenian : $b Plays for a negro theater
In quest of the perfect book : $b Reminiscences & reflections of a bookman
Westy Martin on the Santa Fe Trail
A voice from the inner world
The house
Carrying out the city plan : $b The practical application of American law in the execution of city plans
Songs of Ukraina, with Ruthenian poems
Non-technical chats on iron and steel, and their application to modern industry
Kathleen in Ireland
Peg O' My Heart
State of the Union Addresses
Curly and Floppy Twistytail (The Funny Piggie Boys)
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 07
Five Little Friends
The Danger Trail
A Surgeon in Belgium
Mary Wollaston
Boy Scouts on Motorcycles; Or, With the Flying Squadron
The torch bearer : $b a look forward and back at the Woman's journal, the organ of the woman's movement
London River
The City and the World and Other Stories
Everybody's Lonesome: A True Fairy Story
A Statement: On the Future of This Church
In the Field (1914-1915): The Impressions of an Officer of Light Cavalry
Some Spring Days in Iowa
Adventure of a Kite
Bob Hunt in Canada
The Valley of the Kings
The Illustrated Works of Gordon Home: A Linked Index to the Project Gutenberg Editions
A Breath of Prairie and other stories
The Negro Farmer
The Auto Boys' Vacation
The settlement of Illinois, 1778-1830
Object: matrimony
The Oppressed English
Wild Folk
C.A. Coey's School of Motoring, 1424-26 Michigan Ave. Chicago
Bacon and Shakespeare
The Lost Mine of the Amazon: A Hal Keen Mystery Story
Silver Cross
The Slipper Point Mystery
The Russian Campaign, April to August, 1915: Being the Second Volume of "Field Notes from the Russian Front"
The Third Officer: A Present-day Pirate Story
Right Guard Grant
The Goddess of Reason: A Drama in Five Acts
Captain Chub
Mrs. Radigan: Her Biography, with that of Miss Pearl Veal, and the Memoirs of J. Madison Mudison
Old Clinkers: A Story of the New York Fire Department
The Polly Page Yacht Club
The heritage of unrest
Winning His Wings: A Story of the R.A.F.
The Boy and His Gang
Rubble and Roseleaves, and Things of That Kind
Handicaps of Childhood
Selling Latin America: A Problem in International Salesmanship.: What to Sell and How to Sell It
Some War Impressions
Shafting, Pulleys, Belting and Rope Transmission
The Happy-go-lucky Morgans
The Brother of a Hero
A Short History of the Fatimid Khalifate
The real Argentine: Notes and Impressions of a Year in the Argentine and Uruguay
"Swat the Fly!": A One-Act Fantasy
The Young Continentals at Monmouth
Rivals for the Team: A Story of School Life and Football
A Further Investigation of the Symmetrical Chloride of Paranitroorthosulphobenzoic Acid
The Rambler Club Afloat
The Boy Scouts' badge of courage
The construction and maintenance of earth roads
Winning his game
The leading lady
Sard Harker: A novel
The golden whales of California, and other rhymes in the American language
The conquest of the great Northwest, Volume 2 (of 2): $b Being the story of the adventurers of England known as the Hudson's Bay Company, new pages in the history of the Canadian northwest and western states
Thamyris : $b or, Is there a future for poetry?
Sir Christopher Wren : $b Scientist, scholar and architect
Uncle Wiggily's funny auto : $b or, How the Skillery Skallery Alligator was bumped; and Uncle Wiggily and his snow plow; also How the bunny rabbit gentleman watered the garden
The Macedonian campaign
Pee-wee Harris in camp
Lahoma
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 7
The Flaming Forest
Richard Carvel — Volume 07
The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam Jr.
The Vitamine Manual
Mr. Hawkins' Humorous Adventures
The Lone Wolf: A Melodrama
The Spread Eagle and Other Stories
Action Front
Painted Windows: Studies in Religious Personality
My Neighbors: Stories of the Welsh People
Religious Education in the Family
Our Navy in the War
Rome: A Sketch-Book
Christianity and Progress
The Paternoster Ruby
Elizabeth Hobart at Exeter Hall
Friendship Village
The Masque of the Elements
'Firebrand' Trevison
'Lizbeth of the Dale
House of Torment: A Tale of the Remarkable Adventures of Mr. John Commendone, Gentleman to King Phillip II of Spain at the English Court
The Leak
The Shadow of the Past
The Bungalow Boys Along the Yukon
The Old Glade (Forbes's) Road (Pennsylvania State Road)
Coleridge
Tom Moore: An Unhistorical Romance: Founded on Certain Happenings in the Life of Ireland's Greatest Poet
Whispers at Dawn; Or, The Eye
The Heart of the Wild: Nature Studies from Near and Far
My Country
The Mornin'-Glory Girl
The Border Boys with the Texas Rangers
When Mother Lets Us Give a Party: A book that tells little folk how best to entertain and amuse their little friends
Right End Emerson
The Mentor: The Story of Coal, vol. 6, Num. 6, Serial No. 154, May 1, 1918
The Sayings of Mrs. Solomon: being the confessions of the seven hundredth wife as revealed to Helen Rowland
The Lusitania's Last Voyage: Being a narrative of the torpedoing and sinking of the R. M. S. Lusitania by a German submarine off the Irish coast, May 7, 1915
Florence: A Sketch-Book
The Twins, and How They Entertained the New Minister: A Farce
The Young Wireless Operator—Afloat: Or, How Roy Mercer Won His Spurs in the Merchant Marine
A Modern Purgatory
The Little Gods: A Masque of the Far East
A Plea for Monogamy
A Son of Courage
Jimmy Kirkland of the Cascade College Team
Greensea Island: A Mystery of the Essex Coast
Rainbow Landing: An Adventure Story
The play that won
Among unknown Eskimo: An account of twelve years intimate relations with the primitive Eskimo of ice-bound Baffin Land, with a description of their ways of living, hunting customs & beliefs
The chutney lyrics: A collection of comic pieces in verse on Indian subjects
Some phases of educational progress in Latin America
Your pay envelope
Bromoil printing and bromoil transfer
The apparatus used by the Greeks and Romans in the setting of fractures and the reduction of dislocations
Westminster Abbey: The last days of the monastery as shown by the life and times of Abbot John Islip, 1464-1532
Freak trees of the State of New York
The condition of England
The awakening
Harvard episodes
Richard Richard
Hadrian's Wall
The woollen dress
A brief course in the teaching process
The Normans in European history
Viva Mexico!
The mystery of the Sea-Lark
Plastic and cosmetic surgery
Heart of the Sunset
Richard Carvel — Volume 04
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 01
The Call of the Cumberlands
Beltane the Smith
The Claim Jumpers: A Romance
Madcap
Starr, of the Desert
Said the Observer
The "Goldfish": Being the Confessions af a Successful Man
The Easiest Way: Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911
The Jervaise Comedy
The Man in Court
Thomas Jefferson Brown
Captain Jim
A Practical Enquiry into the Philosophy of Education
Treasure Valley
Many Gods
The Nightriders' Feud
The Struggle between President Johnson and Congress over Reconstruction
John Pettie, R.A., H.R.S.A.: Sixteen examples in colour of the artist's work
The Bigamist
Wang the Ninth: The Story of a Chinese Boy
The Maker of Opportunities
The Third Window
Captured at Tripoli: A Tale of Adventure
Information for the Guidance of Field Men and Cooperators of the Bureau of Biological Survey Engaged in the Control of Injurious Rodents and Predatory Animals
Our Greatest Battle (The Meuse-Argonne)
A Book of Porcelain: Fine examples in the Victoria & Albert Museum
The Mentor: Historic Spots of America, Vol. 1, Num. 32, Serial No. 32
The Long Journey
With Cavalry in 1915: The British Trooper in the Trench Line, Through the Second Battle of Ypres
Knights in Armour
Right Half Hollins
The Cubomedusæ
Redcoat Captain: A Story of That Country
The Little Match Man
The Retreat from Mons: By one who shared in it
The Surgery of Ritual Circumcision
Beethoven and His Forerunners
The Russo-Japanese Conflict: Its Causes and Issues
When You Were a Boy
A Topsy-Turvy Christmas
The Fairy Green
The Messiah of the Cylinder
The Magical Chance
Jewel sowers: a novel
Adventures in Journalism
The Perilous Seat
In the Garden of the Gods
Martin Valliant
Godsend to a Lady
The country Christmas
The quest for the rose of Sharon
The brothers Van Eyck
On the red staircase
Mere mortals : $b Medico-historical essays
The anatomy of the domestic fowl
Maurice and the bay mare
Esto perpetua : $b Algerian studies and impressions
History of the Catholic Church from the Renaissance to the French Revolution — Volume 1
Jonah
Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery — Volume 4
The Crisis — Volume 04
Story Hour Readers — Book Three
The Curlytops at Uncle Frank's Ranch; Or, Little Folks on Ponyback
Woodrow Wilson as I Know Him
Rod of the Lone Patrol
A Legend of Old Persia and Other Poems
The Economic Aspect of Geology
People of Position
Wings of the Wind
The Frontiersman: A Tale of the Yukon
Acanthus and Wild Grape
Dick Randall, the Young Athlete
With Sully into the Sioux Land
The Sepoy
The Secret Battleplane
The Border Boys in the Canadian Rockies
Deficiency and Delinquency: An Interpretation of Mental Testing
Ann and Her Mother
The Girl Scouts of the Round Table
Mothers to Men
Stratford-on-Avon: A Sketch-Book
When I Was a Boy in Japan
The Ranch Girls at Boarding School
The Dreadnought Boys Aboard a Destroyer
Jacqueline of the Carrier Pigeons
Three short stories from "The Captain" volume XXVII: How Dymock Came to Derry; Jack Devereux's Scoop; The Powder Hulk
Evolution Social and Organic
Montessori children
The Islam of Mohamed
Sailor and beachcomber: Confessions of a life at sea, in Australia, and amid the islands of the Pacific
Change Signals: A Story of the New Football
A Change in the Cabinet
Six giants and a griffin, and other stories
Keeping His Course
The Jim Crow Car; Or, Denouncement of injustice meted out to the black race
The Fair Dominion: A Record of Canadian Impressions
The Lone Adventure
The Wireless Operator—With the U. S. Coast Guard
It Might Have Happened Otherwise
Primer of Ohio Archaeology: The Mound Builders and the Indians
The Cruise of the Training Ship; Or, Clif Faraday's Pluck
The Game of Go: The National Game of Japan
Plantation Echoes: A Collection of Original Negro Dialect Poems
The Young Continentals at Lexington
A Peep Into the Past
Little comrade: a tale of the great war
The tragedy of Monomoy Beach : $b The graveyard of the Atlantic
Great bands of America
A call : $b The tale of two passions
Economic effects of the world war upon women and children in Great Britain
Active Service
The Naturewoman
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 04
An Adventure with a Genius: Recollections of Joseph Pulitzer
A Fool There Was
The Bronze Bell
Affairs of State: Being an Account of Certain Surprising Adventures Which Befell an American Family in the Land of Windmills
Olivia in India
The Lilac Girl
John of the Woods
The Singing Man: A Book of Songs and Shadows
Glen of the High North
The Acorn-Planter: A California Forest Play (1916)
The Inn of Dreams
A Reversion To Type
Over the Fireside with Silent Friends
The Return of Blue Pete
Mendelism: Third Edition
The Turn of the Road: A Play in Two Scenes and an Epilogue
Misrepresentative Men
The Mentor: The Weather: Serial Number 110; 1 July, 1916
The Debit Account
The Fight for Constantinople: A Story of the Gallipoli Peninsula
Night Fall in the Ti-Tree
The Silent Alarm
Princeton Stories
Candy Medication
Dastral of the Flying Corps
Famous Authors (Men)
Basil Everman
Prisoners in Devil's Bog: A Skippy Dare Mystery Story
Front Lines
Anthony the Absolute
Glass Manufacture
Answering the Phone: A Farce
Pyrometry: A Practical Treatise on the Measurement of High Temperatures
Moonlight Schools for the Emancipation of Adult Illiterates
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Frank L. Packard
Ernesto Garcia Cabral: A Mexican Cartoonist
When I Was a Little Girl
Westy Martin in the Yellowstone
Hanit the Enchantress
The Pirate Submarine
The migrations of early culture: A study of the significance of the geographical distribution of the practice of mummification as evidence of the migrations of peoples and the spread of certain customs and beliefs
Camping in the Winter Woods: Adventures of Two Boys in the Maine Woods
Preliminary Report on Gowganda Mining Division District of Nipissing Ontario
The Cruise of the "Scandal", and other stories
The Amateur Inn
The Mouthpiece of Zitu
The Rambler Club's Gold Mine
The Woods-Rider
The Ghost of One Man Coulee
Readers and Writers (1917-1921)
Smoking flax
Lady Barbarity: A Romance
The Rambler Club with the Northwest Mounted
The book of Artemas: concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war
The light: An educational pageant
Watching on the Rhine
The flowering plants of South Africa; vol. 4
Good housing that pays: $b A study of the aims and the accomplishment of the Octavia Hill Association, 1896-1917
For the good of the team
Chemical warfare
The truth about Ireland : $b or, Through the Emerald Isle with an aeroplane
Ten years after : $b a reminder
Captain Margaret
Mazelli, and Other Poems
The Expansion of Europe; The Culmination of Modern History
Sun-Up, and Other Poems
Rainbow's End
The Ivory Trail
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 03
Flowing Gold
Drusilla with a Million
Little Bear at Work and at Play
The American Child
Spanish Doubloons
Calumet "K"
Herself: Talks with Women Concerning Themselves
The Triflers
An Epoch in History
Bloom of Cactus
Mrs. Dud's Sister
Those Who Smiled, and Eleven Other Stories
The Ivory Snuff Box
The Cariboo Trail: A Chronicle of the Gold-fields of British Columbia
Porzia
Friends
A Sub. of the R.N.R.: A Story of the Great War
Twelve Months with the Eighth Massachusetts Infantry in the Service of the United States
The Thompson-Houston System of Electric Lighting
The Bird in the Box
Larry Dexter and the Stolen Boy; or, A Young Reporter on the Lakes
Marion: The Story of an Artist's Model
The Dreadnought Boys on a Submarine
Lollingdon Downs, and Other Poems, with Sonnets
Scott Burton in the Blue Ridge
Ye Lyttle Salem Maide: A Story of Witchcraft
I'd Like to Do It Again
The Real Fairy Folk
Søren Hjorth: Inventor of the Dynamo-electric Principle
Unnoticed London
Mr. Clutterbuck's Election
The flowering plants of South Africa; vol. 3
A United States Midshipman in Japan
Psychological Aspects of the Problem of Atmospheric Smoke Pollution
The Aldine Speller: Part One, for Grades One and Two
The Rambler Club's Winter Camp
The Adam Chaser
Mr. Carteret and Others
Can Grande's castle
The Christmas Bishop
Roger Williams, Prophet and Pioneer of Soul-Liberty
The tale of Curly-Tail
Mother Bunny and her flowers
The Public Square
The fairy babies
Cadets of Gascony: Two stories of old France
Storm
Gardening for women
The rat-trap
Holly: The Romance of a Southern Girl
Furniture upholstery for schools
Hervey Willetts
Corruption in American politics and life
Smoke Bellew
Cupid's Understudy
The Ghetto, and Other Poems
The Celebrity, Volume 01
Fran
The Renascence of Hebrew Literature (1743-1885)
Representative Plays by American Dramatists: 1856-1911:: Introduction and Bibliography
Through the Grand Canyon from Wyoming to Mexico
Behind the Line: A Story of College Life and Football
Larry Dexter's Great Search; Or, The Hunt for the Missing Millionaire
The Big-Town Round-Up
Wanderings in the Orient
The Project Gutenberg Works of Joseph Lincoln: An Index
The Battle of Blenheim
The Utah Batteries: A History: A complete account of the muster-in, sea voyage, battles, skirmishes and barrack life of the Utah batteries, together with biographies of officers and muster-out rolls.
Memorandum to the Government of the United States on the Recognition of the Ukrainian People's Republic
Coelebs: The Love Story of a Bachelor
A Prelude
Dick Hamilton's Steam Yacht; Or, A Young Millionaire and the Kidnappers
The Nootka Sound Controversy: A dissertation
Christmas at Punkin Holler
Human Leopards : $b an account of the trials of Human Leopards before the Special Commission Court; with a note on Sierra Leone, past and present
The Spirit of the School
The Unfinished Programme of Democracy
Brave Belgians
Baseball Joe Saving the League; or, Breaking Up a Great Conspiracy
Boy Scouts with Joffre; Or, In the Trenches in Belgium
The Escorial: A Historical and Descriptive Account of the Spanish Royal Palace, Monastery and Mausoleum
Virginia's Adventure Club
Clorinda Walks in Heaven
Proud Lady
A Furnace of Earth
Fourth Down!
Ye Olde Mint: Being a brief description of the first U.S. Mint, established by Congress in the year 1792, at Seventh Street and Sugar Alley (now Filbert Street) Philadelphia
Tirant lo Blanch; a study of its authorship, principal sources and historical setting
A United States Midshipman in the South Seas
Caleb Conover, Railroader
The Curlytops touring around; or, The missing photograph albums
A Viking's love: and other tales of the North
The Popish Plot: A study in the history of the reign of Charles II
The whys and wherefores of navigation
The Crisis — Volume 07
Grammar and Vocabulary of the Lau Language, Solomon Islands
The Fourth Watch
Plain Words from America: A Letter to a German Professor (1917)
A Soldier of Virginia: A Tale of Colonel Washington and Braddock's Defeat
The Yoke: A Romance of the Days when the Lord Redeemed the Children of Israel from the Bondage of Egypt
The Mayor of Warwick
The Camp Fire Girls in the Outside World
The Film of Fear
In a Belgian Garden, and Other Poems
Overshadowed: A Novel
Education in England in the Middle Ages: Thesis Approved for the Degree of Doctor of Science in the University of London
The Immortal Lure
Rambles with John Burroughs
Texas Honey Plants
Letty and the Twins
The Flying Reporter
When Sarah Went to School
Electricity in Locomotion: An Account of Its Mechanism, Its Achievements, and Its Prospects
Bell's Cathedrals: St. David's
The English Lakes: A Sketch-Book
A Troublesome Flock: A Mother Goose Play for Children
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Samuel Merwin
Convict B 14: A Novel
Australasia: Eight Lectures Prepared for the Visual Instruction Committee of the Colonial Office
Rick and Ruddy Out West
Asneha, the legend of the opal
The White Comrade, and Other Poems
The Heart of Hyacinth
The Sublime Jester
Old Fort Chartres on the Mississippi River
Dad
From the Trenches: Louvain to the Aisne, the First Record of an Eye-Witness
Hearts to mend: A fantasy in one act
Deep channel
The ocean wireless boys of the iceberg patrol
Friends and cousins
The long arm of Fantômas
The binding of the Nile and the new Soudan
Gloria
The justice of Gideon
Baharia Oasis : $b Its topography and geology
The Crisis — Volume 01
Practical Argumentation
Going Some
The Man on the Box
The Spanish Chest
The Quest
Between You and Me
The Boy Scouts of the Eagle Patrol
Out of the Ashes
Mushrooms on the Moor
In the Time That Was
The Brassbounder: A Tale of the Sea
The Piper and the Reed
The Heart's Country
Canada, My Land; and Other Compositions in Verse
Imprudence
The Purple Flame: A Mystery Story for Girls
Tar Heel Tales
Marriage as a Trade
The Child in Human Progress
The Dreadnought Boys' World Cruise
Teddy and the Mystery Deer
Aromatics and the Soul: A Study of Smells
Further E. K. Means: Is This a Title? It Is Not. It Is the Name of a Writer of Negro Stories, Who Has Made Himself So Completely the Writer of Negro Stories That This Third Book, Like the First and Second, Needs No Title
With Sam Houston in Texas: A Boy Volunteer in the Texas Struggles for Independence, When in the Years 1835-1836 the Texas Colonists Threw Off the Unjust Rule of Mexico, and by Heroic Deeds Established, Under the Guidance of the Bluff Sam Houston, Their Own Free Republic Which To-day is the Great Lone Star State
Tommy Remington's Battle
Everyday Americans
The Harim and the Purdah: Studies of Oriental Women
Service by the Educated Negro: Address of Roscoe Conkling Bruce of Tuskegee Institute at the Commencement Exercises of the M Street High School Metropolitan A. M. E. Church Washington, D.C., June 16, 1903
Golf Architecture: Economy in Course Construction and Green-Keeping
Summer Flowers of the High Alps
Jason, Son of Jason
My Northern Exposure: The Kawa at the Pole
The emerald of Catherine the Great
The Tiddly Winks
An outlaw's diary: revolution
Artemas—the second book: concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war
Christmas stories
Stonepastures
Your boy and his training : $b A practical treatise on boy-training
Slang and cant in Jerome K. Jerome's works : $b A study
Our coming world
When everybody knew
The South Pole; an account of the Norwegian antarctic expedition in the "Fram," 1910-1912 — Volume 2
The Dwelling Place of Light — Volume 1
State of the Union Addresses
Billy Bunny and Uncle Bull Frog
The Little Regiment, and Other Episodes of the American Civil War
Characters and events of Roman History
The Blue Envelope
The Girl Scouts at Bellaire; Or, Maid Mary's Awakening
The Sequel: What the Great War will mean to Australia
In Orchard Glen
The Jonathan Papers
By Violence
The Adventures of a Freshman
A Drake by George!
Through the Outlooking Glass
Some Verses
Our Little Roumanian Cousin
The Bungalow Boys in the Great Northwest
The Curlytops at Silver Lake; Or, On the Water with Uncle Ben
That House I Bought: A little leaf from life
Observations on Coroners
Lodrix, the Little Lake Dweller
For Yardley: A Story of Track and Field
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of George Gibbs
Clipped Wings
Crofton Chums
Courts, Criminals and the Camorra
Epidemic Respiratory Disease: The pneumonias and other infections of the repiratory tract accompanying influenza and measles
A Man of the Moors
The Undefeated
Gold Hunting in Alaska
Hashimura Togo, Domestic Scientist
Roughriders of the Pampas: A Tale of Ranch Life in South America
Tractor Principles: The Action, Mechanism, Handling, Care, Maintenance and Repair of the Gas Engine Tractor
Unfinished Rainbows, and Other Essays
Anne Feversham
Bolo the cave boy
Randvar the songsmith : $b A romance of Norumbega
The great inquiry
The reformation in Poland : $b Some social and economic aspects
The wild fawn
The Magic Pudding: Being the Adventures of Bunyip Bluegum and His Friends Bill Barnacle & Sam Sawnoff
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 05
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 07
The Celebrity, Volume 02
The Pot Boiler: A Comedy in Four Acts
The Silver Horde
The Poorhouse Waif and His Divine Teacher: A True Story
Mary Jane: Her Book
Fires of Driftwood
Around Old Bethany: A Story of the Adventures of Robert and Mary Davis
Women of the Country
Gerda in Sweden
Around the World in Ten Days
David Malcolm
Thirty Indian legends
Why I Believe in Scouting for Girls
British Supremacy & Canadian Self-Government, 1839-1854
The Curlytops Snowed In; Or, Grand Fun with Skates and Sleds
The Green God
The Man from Jericho
Post-Impressions: An Irresponsible Chronicle
The Crimson Thread: An Adventure Story for Girls
The Firebug
The Mentor: Italy Under War Conditions, Vol. 6, Num. 23, Ser. No. 171, January 15, 1919
The Belgian Front and Its Notable Features
Susan Proudleigh
The Observations of Professor Maturin
The principal girl
Twenty-three and a half hours' leave
Some architectural problems of to-day
The Rambler Club's aeroplane
Of Yankee granite : $b An account of the building of the Bunker Hill Monument
Mary Russell Mitford : $b The tragedy of a blue stocking
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 04
The Crisis — Volume 05
Betty Wales, Sophomore: A Story for Girls
Christopher Columbus
The Dancing Mouse: A Study in Animal Behavior
The Man from the Clouds
The Hampstead Mystery
Where the Trail Divides
The City of Delight: A Love Drama of the Siege and Fall of Jerusalem
The Swedish-Norwegian Union Crisis: A History with Documents
The Desert Fiddler
The Readjustment
Palos of the Dog Star Pack
The War Trail
Great opera stories : $b taken from original sources in old German
Admiral Jellicoe
The Spirit of the Links
The Protection of Fresh-Water Mussels
The Duty of a Christian People under Divine Visitations
Scenes in North Wales: With Historical Illustrations, Legends, and Biographical Notices
Oxford: A Sketch-Book
The Young Wireless Operator—With the Oyster Fleet: How Alec Cunningham Won His Way to the Top in the Oyster Business
The Historical Growth of the English Parish Church
A Brief Sketch of the Long and Varied Career of Marshall MacDermott, Esq., J.P. of Adelaide, South Australia
The Burton Holmes Lectures, Volume 1 (of 10): In Ten Volumes
Roy Blakeley's Funny-bone Hike
Lost with Lieutenant Pike: How from the Pawnee Village the boy named Scar Head marched with the young American Chief clear into the Snowy Mountains; how in the dead of winter they searched for the Lost River and thought that they had found it; and how the Spanish Soldiery came upon them and took them down to Santa Fé of New Mexico, where another surprise awaited them
The Box of Smiles, and Other Stories
With Grenfell on the Labrador
The Bungalow Boys on the Great Lakes
The family at Misrule
An English woman-sergeant in the Serbian Army
The woods
Joseph Hergesheimer, an essay in interpretation
Happy Hawkins
The Window-Gazer
This Simian World
The Jewel City
The Sewerage of Sea Coast Towns
The Soul of the War
The Phantom Herd
Through stained glass: A Novel
Health Work in the Public Schools
James B. Eads
Cornish Catches, and Other Verses
The Friendly Club and Other Portraits
The Story of Scotch
The Man Who Ended War
Four in Camp: A Story of Summer Adventures in the New Hampshire Woods
The Camp Fire Girls at Half Moon Lake
Tom Slade with the Flying Corps: A Campfire Tale
Whom the Gods Destroyed
Lead Kindly Light: Its Origin and Its Romance
The New Joan, and Other Poems
The Fritz Strafers: A Story of the Great War
The Little French Girl
Kwasa the cliff dweller
Adventures in indigence, and other essays
The hermit's Christmas
The Chickamauga Dam and its environs
The garden of resurrection : $b being the love story of an ugly man
Brothers in arms
The Christmas city : $b Bethlehem across the ages
Routledge rides alone
Richard Carvel — Volume 03
Over the Pass
Casey Ryan
The Lonesome Trail and Other Stories
Waste: A Tragedy, In Four Acts
Vrouw Grobelaar and Her Leading Cases: Seventeen Short Stories
The Confessions of Artemas Quibble: Being the Ingenuous and Unvarnished History of Artemas Quibble, Esquire, One-Time Practitioner in the New York Criminal Courts, Together with an Account of the Divers Wiles, Tricks, Sophistries, Technicalities, and Sundry Artifices of Himself and Others of the Fraternity, Commonly Yclept "Shysters" or "Shyster Lawyers"
East of the Shadows
The Triumph of Jill
Open Water
Arteriosclerosis and Hypertension, with Chapters on Blood Pressure: 3rd Edition.
The Passing of the Storm, and Other Poems
The Rope of Gold: A Mystery Story for Boys
Poems
Underneath the Bough: A Book of Verses
The Church Rate: A Dialogue Between a Churchman and a Dissenter
Morning in the West: A Book of Verse
History of electric light
A bacteriological study of ham souring
Straight America, a call to national service
My Lady Caprice
Coniston — Volume 04
Boys and Girls from Thackeray
The Lever: A Novel
The Two-Gun Man
Heroes in Peace: The 6th William Penn Lecture, May 9, 1920
A Prisoner of Morro; Or, In the Hands of the Enemy
The Paper Moneys of Europe: Their Moral and Economic Significance
Ioläus: The man that was a ghost
The Missourian
Jimmie Moore of Bucktown
Fiscal Ballads
The Old Blood
His Lady of the Sonnets
Four Afloat: Being the Adventures of the Big Four on the Water
The Flying Bo'sun: A Mystery of the Sea
The Mentor: The Virgin Islands of the United States of America, Vol. 6, Num. 13, Serial No. 161, August 15, 1918
Love of the Wild
The Scape-Goat: A Farce in One Act
An Uninvited Member: A Play for Girls in Two Scenes
The Changed Valentines, and Other Plays for St. Valentine's Day
The Camp Fire Girls; Or, The Secret of an Old Mill
An Essay on the Encroachments of the German Ocean Along the Norfolk Coast: With a Design to Arrest Its Further Depredations
Connecticut Boys in the Western Reserve: A Tale of the Moravian Massacre
The Wooing of Wistaria
The Industrial Condition of Women and Girls in Honolulu: A Social Study
Westy Martin
A Fool in Spots
Gladstonian Ghosts
Barbara Hale: A Doctor's Daughter
You Ask Anybody
The Motor Rangers on Blue Water; or, The Secret of the Derelict
As the hart panteth
Antennae
Pan-Germany : $b The disease and cure
The Long Ago
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 01
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 02
Tales of the Road
The Angel of Lonesome Hill; A Story of a President
Some War-time Lessons: The Soldier's Standards of Conduct; The War As a Practical Test of American Scholarship; What Have We Learned?
The Reconstruction of Georgia: Studies in History, Economics and Public Law, Vol. 13, No. 3, 1901
A Canadian Calendar: XII Lyrics
The Lumberjack Sky Pilot
Fishing with Floating Flies
The Dreadnought Boys on Aero Service
The Unity of the Church Essential to the Conversion of the World: A Sermon, Preached Before the Directors and Friends of the London Missionary Society, During Their Anniversary in May, 1846, in the Church of St. Mary, Spital Square, London
Top o' the World: A Once Upon a Time Tale
Tom Slade on Overlook Mountain
Uttara, the Legend of the Turquoise
Sweet-Clover Seed
The Freeman, and Other Poems
The Junior Trophy
The Child and the Dream: A Christmas Story
Red stripes
The Roly-Poly book
White Lotus, the legend of the cat's eye
Coniston — Volume 02
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 08
The New Boy at Hilltop, and Other Stories
The Inn at the Red Oak
There's Pippins and Cheese to Come
The Ramblin' Kid
My Year of the War: Including an Account of Experiences with the Troops in France and the Record of a Visit to the Grand Fleet Which is Here Given for the First Time in its Complete Form
Q. E. D., or New Light on the Doctrine of Creation
Thoughts on religion at the front
More Jonathan Papers
Panther Eye
Supplement to Commerce Reports Daily Consular and Trade Reports: Turkey, Harput
A Little Bit of Fluff: A Farce in Three Acts
Dick Hamilton's Touring Car; Or, A Young Millionaire's Race For A Fortune
Newcastle-Upon-Tyne: A Sketch-Book
The Mountain of Fears
The legend of the blemished king, and other poems
Priscilla of the Good Intent: A Romance of the Grey Fells
Mr. Crewe's Career — Volume 1
Mr. Crewe's Career — Volume 3
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 03
The Celebrity, Volume 04
The Tale of Freddie Firefly
The Boy Aviators' Polar Dash; or, Facing Death in the Antarctic
Adventures in the Land of Canaan
Men in War
My South Polar Expedition
Socialism and American ideals
The Trail to Yesterday
In the Shadow of the Hills
Alexander Crummell: An Apostle of Negro Culture: The American Negro Academy. Occasional Papers No. 20
The Evolution of Modern Orchestration
Disunion and Restoration in Tennessee: Submitted in Partial Fulfillment of the Requirements for the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Faculty of Political Science, Columbia University
Wounded Souls
As Others See Us: Being the Diary of a Canadian Debutante
Betty Wales & Co.: A story for girls
Address of President Coolidge before the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America: Washington, D. C., May 1, 1926
The natural and artificial disintegration of the elements: An address by Professor Sir Ernest Rutherford
The boy explorers in darkest New Guinea
Linotype mechanism
Docas : $b The Indian boy of Santa Clara
Meleager : $b A fantasy
The cardinal's musketeer
Snubby Nose and Tippy Toes
A Trip Abroad: An Account of a Journey to the Earthly Canaan and the Land of the Ancient Pharaohs; To Which Are Appended a Brief Consideration of the Geography and History of Palestine, and a Chapter on Churches of Christ in Great Britain
Mrs. Budlong's Christmas Presents
The Soul of a Nation
A Day at Camp Killkare; Or, Aunt Jane and the Campfire Girls
The Dyak chief, and other verses
Forward Pass: A Story of the "New Football"
Harold the Klansman
Boy Scouts in the North Sea; Or, the Mystery of "U-13"
Folklore of Wells: Being a Study of Water-Worship in East and West
Technique of Eye Dissections
The Pacifist, and other poems
The martyrdom of Nurse Cavell: The life story of the victim of Germany's most barbarous crime
The truth about socialism
Preservation of forests as a measure of public safety: Address before the 17th National Irrigation Congress, Spokane, Wash., August, 1909
David Ives : $b A Story of St. Timothy's
The Second-Story Man
Roy Blakeley's Adventures in Camp
Paddy-The-Next-Best-Thing
Liverpool: A Sketch Book
My Colored Battalion
The Belgian Mother, and Ballads of Battle Time
Daffydowndilly and the Golden Touch
The Dwelling Place of Light — Volume 2
Coniston — Volume 03
The Girl Scout Pioneers; Or, Winning the First B. C.
The Crisis — Volume 02
The Crisis — Volume 06
Chico, the story of a homing pigeon
Rural Problems of Today
The Challenge of the Country: A Study of Country Life Opportunity
Verses of Feeling and Fancy
The White Crystals: Being an Account of the Adventures of Two Boys
The Clergy and the Pulpit in Their Relations to the People.
Girls of '64
Labour policy—false and true : $b A study in economic history and industrial economics
Vacuum cleaning systems : $b A treatise on the principles and practice of mechanical cleaning
Prince Hagen
The Galleries of the Exposition
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 02
Umboo, the Elephant
Little Citizens: The Humours of School Life
Zarlah the Martian
The Doctrine of Evolution: Its Basis and Its Scope
The Setons
Venice: A Sketch-Book
Those Smith Boys on the Diamond; or, Nip and Tuck for Victory
The Red Glutton: With the German Army at the Front
The Boy Scouts and the Army Airship
The sociable Sand Witch
The Kopje Farm
The Hours of Fiammetta: A Sonnet Sequence
The Love Story of Abner Stone
The Sweet Girl Graduates: A Farce in Three Acts and an Epilogue
Kingsford, Quarter
Twin Tales: Are All Men Alike, and, The Lost Titian
Tillicums of the Trail: Being Klondike Yarns Told to Canadian Soldiers Overseas by a Sourdough Padre
Sonnets and Verse
The Washington Peace Carillon
Idealia, a Utopian Dream; or, Resthaven
Water and power for San Francisco from Hetch-Hetchy Valley in Yosemite National Park
Lay Help the Church's Present Need: A Paper read at St. Mary's Schools, West Brompton
The Preparation of Bees for Outdoor Wintering
The Ghost in the Red Shirt
The Boy Aviators' Treasure Quest; Or, The Golden Galleon
Purple Springs
Wee Macgreegor Enlists
The Transgressors. Story of a Great Sin. A Political Novel of the Twentieth Century
The Americans
Plays and Lyrics
The Honorable Miss Moonlight
Wintering Bees in Cellars
Happy: The life of a bee
Mary's Rainbow
Harbor Jim of Newfoundland
A History of Greek Economic Thought
The spokesman's secretary : $b Being the letters of Mame to Mom
Lost in the Air
Legend of Barkhamsted Light House: A Tale from the Litchfield Hills of Connecticut
The Secret of Heroism: A Memoir of Henry Albert Harper
The River Boss
On the mechanism of the physiological action of the cathartics
The Inside of the Cup — Volume 06
The Dreamers: And Other Poems
Hall Caine, the Man and the Novelist
The Crisis — Volume 08
Vacation Verse
The Saxons: A Drama of Christianity in the North
Lady Patricia: A comedy in three acts
Crimson Clover: Growing the Crop
Mr. Crewe's Career — Volume 2
A Modern Chronicle — Volume 05
Condensed guide for the Stanford revision of the Binet-Simon intelligence tests
Ruth's Marriage in Mars: A Scientific Novel
Charles Di Tocca: A Tragedy
The Princess Galva: A Romance
Sonnets and Other Verse
A Wayfarer's Faith: Aspects of the common basis of religious life
Spun-yarn and Spindrift
The Call of the Town: A Tale of Literary Life
Jack Derringer : $b A tale of deep water
Transcontinental Telephone Address to Thomas A. Edison
The Aldine Speller: Part Two : $b for Grades Three and Four
Ulysses
Winnie-the-Pooh
Dubliners
The Prophet
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
We
Mrs. Dalloway
Chess Fundamentals
The moving finger
Sons and Lovers
My heart and my flesh
The Velveteen Rabbit
Now we are six
The Inimitable Jeeves
Social devices for impelling women to bear and rear children
He who served
The Rainbow
Lady Chatterley's lover
The Young Visiters or, Mr. Salteena's Plan
Yoga as philosophy and religion
The Waste Land
Cupid and the law : $b a collection of short stories
The house at Pooh Corner
The Garden Party, and Other Stories
Pretty Polly Perkins
The fanatics : $b A comedy in three acts
Right Ho, Jeeves
The Story of My Life: With her letters (1887-1901) and a supplementary account of her education, including passages from the reports and letters of her teacher, Anne Mansfield Sullivan, by John Albert Macy
Greek tragedy
Across Mongolian Plains: A Naturalist's Account of China's 'Great Northwest'
Life in Mexico
Women in Love
The Economic Consequences of the Peace
United States Steel: A Corporation with a Soul
Public Opinion
The Story of Doctor Dolittle
Fire of retribution
South-African Folk-Tales
My Man Jeeves
Argonauts of the Western Pacific: An Account of Native Enterprise and Adventure in the Archipelagoes of Melanesian New Guinea
Virgin Spain : $b Scenes from the spiritual drama of a great people
Special talents and defects : $b Their significance for education
The Hairy Ape
Soap-Making Manual: A Practical Handbook on the Raw Materials, Their Manipulation, Analysis and Control in the Modern Soap Plant.
The Story of Mankind
The Mechanical Properties of Wood: Including a Discussion of the Factors Affecting the Mechanical Properties, and Methods of Timber Testing
The Boy Electrician
Irish Fairy Tales
Babbitt
The Tenth (Irish) Division in Gallipoli
Better Homes in America: Plan Book for Demonstration Week October 9 to 14, 1922
The Rising Tide of Color Against White World-Supremacy
Poems
The Children of Odin: The Book of Northern Myths
Hidden Symbolism of Alchemy and the Occult Arts
Monday or Tuesday
French Conversation and Composition
The Voyage Out
Main Street
The Collected Poems of Rupert Brooke
The Common Reader
Night and Day
The Red House Mystery
Love Among the Chickens
The Tinguian: Social, Religious, and Economic Life of a Philippine Tribe
The Sacred Wood: Essays on Poetry and Criticism
Daddy Joe's fiddle
Chess Strategy
Just Folks
Carry On, Jeeves
Right Ho, Jeeves
The Story of My Life
Leave it to Psmith
A History of Rome to 565 A. D.
The Insidious Dr. Fu Manchu
Medieval People
The Go-Getter: A Story That Tells You How to be One
Trees, and Other Poems
The Man with Two Left Feet, and Other Stories
Camps and Trails in China: A Narrative of Exploration, Adventure, and Sport in Little-Known China
The Fortieth Door
The World I Live In
Optimism: An Essay
The Red House Mystery
The decline of the West : $b Volume 1, Form and actuality
Artificial Light: Its Influence upon Civilization
The Garden Party, and Other Stories
When we were very young
Damn! A Book of Calumny
The Story of Doctor Dolittle
Night and Day
A critical history of Greek philosophy
The Putumayo, the Devil's Paradise: Travels in the Peruvian Amazon Region and an Account of the Atrocities Committed upon the Indians Therein
The Journal of a Disappointed Man
Love Conquers All
Comrade Kropotkin
Home-made Toys for Girls and Boys: Wooden and Cardboard Toys, Mechanical and Electric Toys
Chamber Music
The White Christmas and other Merry Christmas Plays
Dope
Where Half The World Is Waking Up: The Old and the New in Japan, China, the Philippines, and India, Reported With Especial Reference to American Conditions
The Briary Bush: A Novel
Danse Russe
Prufrock and Other Observations
The Complete Book of Cheese
The Adventures of Sally
Chats on Japanese Prints
Studies in Classic American Literature
Friendly Fairies
The American Language: A Preliminary Inquiry into the Development of English in the United States
Sonia: Between Two Worlds
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle
Europe After 8:15
The Worm Ouroboros: A Romance
Sea and Sardinia
The White Peacock
Fairy Tales from Brazil: How and Why Tales from Brazilian Folk-Lore
Something New
Ifugao Law: (In American Archaeology and Ethnology, Vol. 15, No. 1)
A Journal from Japan: A Daily Record of Life as Seen by a Scientist
Armageddon—2419 A.D.
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Pelham Grenville Wodehouse
In Defense of Women
Medieval English Nunneries c. 1275 to 1535
Raggedy Ann Stories
A History of Indian Philosophy, Volume 1
The Moon Pool
The Promise: A Tale of the Great Northwest
Across China on Foot
The Itching Palm: A Study of the Habit of Tipping in America
Queen Victoria
The Yellow Claw
Aaron's Rod
The mark of Zorro
Love Among the Chickens: A Story of the Haps and Mishaps on an English Chicken Farm
Origin Myths among the Mountain Peoples of the Philippines
Jacob's Room
Seneca myths and folk tales
The Man Upstairs and Other Stories
Psmith in the City
A History of Magic and Experimental Science, Volume 1 (of 2): During the First Thirteen Centuries of Our Era
The Prussian Officer
An Elementary Study of Insects
Studies of Trees
A Book of Burlesques
The Worst Journey in the World: Antarctic, 1910-1913
Educational Work of the Girl Scouts
The Girl on the Boat
The 116th Battalion in France
The Nature of Animal Light
Alchemy: Ancient and Modern: Being a Brief Account of the Alchemistic Doctrines, and Their Relations, to Mysticism on the One Hand, and to Recent Discoveries in Physical Science on the Other Hand; Together with Some Particulars Regarding the Lives and Teachings of the Most Noted Alchemists
The Story of Mary MacLane
The Little Warrior
Cheerful—By Request
England, My England
Turkey: a Past and a Future
The Job: An American Novel
Metropolis
Art
The Adventures of a Cat, and a Fine Cat Too!
With the Turks in Palestine
Children Above 180 IQ Stanford-Binet: Origin and Development
The Brooklyn murders
The seven missionaries
Edmund Dulac's Fairy-Book: Fairy Tales of the Allied Nations
Money for nothing
Instigations: Together with An Essay on the Chinese Written Character
The House of Dust: A Symphony
Europe from a Motor Car
Home Lyrics: A Book of Poems
Pond and Stream
Raw men
Tramping on Life: An Autobiographical Narrative
The Golden Fleece and The Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles
Business English: A Practice Book
The Homesteader: A Novel
Raggedy Andy Stories: Introducing the Little Rag Brother of Raggedy Ann
Sex & Character: Authorised Translation from the Sixth German Edition
Language: An Introduction to the Study of Speech
The Metamorphosis
Raw gold : $b a novel
The Home of the Blizzard: Being the Story of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, 1911-1914
Fireplaces and Chimneys
The Revelation Explained: An Exposition, Text by Text, of the Apocalypse of St. John
If You Don't Write Fiction
Tabitha at Ivy Hall
The Orchard of Tears
The White Road to Verdun
Prejudices, first series
Baron d'Holbach : a Study of Eighteenth Century Radicalism in France
The Song of Tiadatha
Chicago and the Old Northwest, 1673-1835: A study of the evolution of the northwestern frontier, together with a history of Fort Dearborn
The Burning Secret
The Norwegian Fairy Book
Birds, Beasts and Flowers: Poems by D. H. Lawrence
Narrative of William W. Brown, a Fugitive Slave
Sea Garden
Sinister Street, vol. 1
The Fire People
The Crystal Palace : $b its architectural history and constructive marvels
Mike
Traditions of the Tinguian: a Study in Philippine Folk-Lore
I, Mary MacLane: A Diary of Human Days
The German Element in Brazil: Colonies and Dialect
Colors of Life: Poems and Songs and Sonnets
The Principles of English Versification
Christian Hymns of the First Three Centuries
A Novelist on Novels
Cork: Its Origin and Industrial Uses
A Course In Wood Turning
So Big
The King of Ireland's Son
The Trail of the Hawk: A Comedy of the Seriousness of Life
The Madman: His Parables and Poems
The Path to Home
McGill and its Story, 1821-1921
Music Notation and Terminology
Love Poems and Others
A Wodehouse Miscellany: Articles & Stories
The Beloved Woman
Your Negro Neighbor
Mussolini as revealed in his political speeches (November 1914-August 1923)
Eminent Victorians
Mike and Psmith
Jill the Reckless
The Gay Adventure: A Romance
An Introduction to the Study of the Maya Hieroglyphs
The Buccaneers in the West Indies in the XVII Century
Plashers Mead: A Novel
A Book of Prefaces
The Sex Worship and Symbolism of Primitive Races: An Interpretation
The Peter Patter Book of Nursery Rhymes
Lives of the Fur Folk
The Harbor
The well of loneliness
Journeys and Experiences in Argentina, Paraguay, and Chile: Including a Side Trip to the Source of the Paraguay River in the State of Matto Grosso, Brazil, and a Journey Across the Andes to the Rio Tambo in Peru
V. V.'s Eyes
Nights in London
Submarine Warfare of To-day: How the Submarine Menace Was Met and Vanquished, with Descriptions of the Inventions and Devices Used, Fast Boats, Mystery Ships, Nets, Aircraft, &c. &c., Also Describing the Selection and Training of the Enormous Personnel Used in This New Branch of the Navy
Canadian Fairy Tales
The Metal Monster
Once on a Time
Two Stories
Psmith, Journalist
About sugar buying for jobbers: How you can lessen business risks by trading in refined sugar futures
The Game and the Candle
Peeps at People
Geology: The Science of the Earth's Crust
The Return of Dr. Fu-Manchu
The Adventures of Maya the Bee
Bliss, and Other Stories
First Plays
A Tract on Monetary Reform
The Sleeping Beauty
The house without a key
The Postage Stamp in War
A Bachelor Husband
The Last Days of the Romanovs
Fowler's Household Helps: Over 300 Useful and Valuable Helps About the Home, Carefully Compiled and Arranged in Convenient Form for Frequent Use
Einstein's Theories of Relativity and Gravitation: A selection of material from the essays submitted in the competition for the Eugene Higgins prize of $5,000
A Living from the Land
The University of Michigan
Lud-in-the-Mist
Psmith in the City
The Clicking of Cuthbert
The Glory of the Trenches
Poems 1918-21, Including Three Portraits and Four Cantos
Tell England: A Study in a Generation
Mazes and Labyrinths: A General Account of Their History and Development
Addie's Husband; or, Through clouds to sunshine
Exiles: A Play in Three Acts
English Travellers of the Renaissance
The Treasury of Ancient Egypt: Miscellaneous Chapters on Ancient Egyptian History and Archaeology
Brood of the Witch-Queen
"And they thought we wouldn't fight"
Arrowsmith
The New World of Islam
The Waste Land
Guide to Life and Literature of the Southwest, with a Few Observations
Seeing Things at Night
A Thousand Ways to Please a Husband with Bettina's Best Recipes
Mrs Dalloway in Bond Street
Mr. Bennett and Mrs. Brown
Hints on Mountain-Lion Trapping
The Sheik: A Novel
Ireland in Fiction: A Guide to Irish Novels, Tales, Romances, and Folk-lore
Cottage Building in Cob, Pisé, Chalk and Clay: A Renaissance (2nd edition)
The story of the Rhinegold (Der Ring des Nibelungen) told for young people
The man who hated himself
The Valley of the Giants
Old Peter's Russian Tales
The Acquisitive Society
Meet Mr Mulliner
Ten Days That Shook the World
Look! We Have Come Through!
Textiles, for Commercial, Industrial, and Domestic Arts Schools: Also Adapted to Those Engaged in Wholesale and Retail Dry Goods, Wool, Cotton, and Dressmaker's Trades
The Wonders of the Jungle, Book One
Amores: Poems
The Soul of John Brown
The Haunting of Low Fennel
Bull-dog Drummond: The Adventures of a Demobilised Officer Who Found Peace Dull
Précis writing for beginners
The Spoilers of the Valley
The Australian aboriginal
Pieces of Hate; And Other Enthusiasms
The Tomato
Gift Card Designing
An Essay Toward a History of Shakespeare in Norway
Captain Scraggs; Or, The Green-Pea Pirates
The Boy Scouts of Lakeville High
The Unwritten Literature of the Hopi
The Dance Festivals of the Alaskan Eskimo
"Bring Me His Ears"
The Benson murder case
Two Years in the Forbidden City
Blue Ridge Country
His Family
Carriages & Coaches: Their History & Their Evolution
The Whole Truth and Nothing But
The Silent Bullet
The Red Rugs of Tarsus: A Woman's Record of the Armenian Massacre of 1909
The Story of Mankind
Indian Currency and Finance
Flying for France: With the American Escadrille at Verdun
Kangaroo
The Rider of Golden Bar
The Nō Plays of Japan
The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche
Accounting theory and practice, Volume 1 (of 3) : $b a textbook for colleges and schools of business administration
The Dramatic Values in Plautus
Mary, Mary
Behind the Scenes in Warring Germany
A History of Magic and Experimental Science, Volume 2 (of 2): During the First Thirteen Centuries of Our Era
Happy Days
Play the Game!
Tales of Giants from Brazil
A Man's Hearth
Piccadilly Jim
The Wild Tribes of Davao District, Mindanao: The R. F. Cummings Philippine Expedition
Beyond the Horizon
Fire-Tongue
General Science
Romain Rolland: The Man and His Work
Scattergood Baines
Carry On: Letters in War-Time
The Promised Land
The Marvelous Exploits of Paul Bunyan: As Told in the Camps of the White Pine Lumbermen for Generations During Which Time the Loggers Have Pioneered the Way Through the North Woods from Maine to California; Collected from Various Sources and Embellished for Publication
Index Expurgatorius Anglicanus: Or, a descriptive catalogue of the principal books printed or published in England, which have been suppressed, or burnt by the common hangman, or censured, or for which the authors, printers, or publishers have been prosecuted
The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles
The Lost Girl
1914, and Other Poems
Early Man in the New World
The Adventures of Odysseus and The Tales of Troy
The Human Side of Animals
The further adventures of Zorro
In a German Pension
The Modern Ku Klux Klan
The Adventures of Fleet Foot and Her Fawns: A True-to-Nature Story for Children and Their Elders
Taxidermy
Émile Verhaeren
13 Days: The Chronicle of an Escape from a German Prison
San Cristóbal de la Habana
Why we should read--
How music grew, from prehistoric times to the present day
Tales of Chinatown
Cappy Ricks Retires: But That Doesn't Keep Him from Coming Back Stronger Than Ever
The Gold Girl
Free Air
H.M.S. ----
Modern Painting, Its Tendency and Meaning
Chess and Checkers : the Way to Mastership
The Intrusion of Jimmy
Ezra Pound: His Metric and Poetry
The Radio Planet
Schools of Hellas: An Essay on the Practice and Theory of Ancient Greek Education from 600 to 300 B. C.
The Cruise of the Dry Dock
The Devil Doctor
Just Around the Corner: Romance en casserole
Sour Grapes: A Book of Poems
The librarian at play
The Nest Builder: A Novel
The Invisible Censor
Children of the Dawn : Old Tales of Greece
Maria Chapdelaine: A Tale of the Lake St. John Country
Cappy Ricks; Or, the Subjugation of Matt Peasley
In Mesopotamia
The Kingdom Round the Corner: A Novel
A notched gun
Some of These Days: From Honky Tonk
Connie Morgan in Alaska
The Snow-Burner
The Game of Chess: A Play in One Act
Not that it Matters
Tobogganing on Parnassus
Letters from America
The House of the Vampire
Readings in Money and Banking: Selected and Adapted
The Uncensored Letters of a Canteen Girl
The house of the missing
Shakespearean Playhouses: A History of English Theatres from the Beginnings to the Restoration
Irish Witchcraft and Demonology
A Social History of the American Negro: Being a History of the Negro Problem in the United States. Including A History and Study of the Republic of Liberia
The Merry-Go-Round
Ralph 124C 41+: A Romance of the Year 2660
The Ghost Ship
The Annals of Ann
Paris Vistas
Chincha Plain-Weave Cloths
The trap
Joanna Godden
Radiant Motherhood: A Book for Those Who are Creating the Future
The Erotic Motive in Literature
Sun
A history of social thought
When Winter Comes to Main Street
Sonia Married
Drawings in pen & pencil from Dürer's day to ours, with notes and appreciations
Cheating the Junk-Pile: The Purchase and Maintenance of Household Equipments
The Hidden Places
Lady Lilith
A Revision of the Treaty: Being a Sequel to The Economic Consequence of the Peace
The Thirteenth Letter
School, Church, and Home Games
Outlines of Greek and Roman Medicine
The Day Before Yesterday
Sisters
Women as World Builders: Studies in Modern Feminism
Winona of the Camp Fire
Personae
Pincher Martin, O.D.: A Story of the Inner Life of the Royal Navy
Philosophy and the Social Problem
Married Love: A New Contribution to the Solution of Sex Difficulties
Prejudices, third series
Batiks, and how to make them
Michigan Trees: A Handbook of the Native and Most Important Introduced Species
A Blue Devil of France: Epic figures and stories of the Great War, 1914-1918
The history of the Twentieth (Light) Division
A Damsel in Distress
A Short History of Women's Rights: From the Days of Augustus to the Present Time. with Special Reference to England and the United States. Second Edition Revised, With Additions.
The Teaching of History
The Negro at Work in New York City: A Study in Economic Progress
The Pacific Triangle
The Human Slaughter-House: Scenes from the War that is Sure to Come
Anatole France
Antony Gray,—Gardener
Prejudices, second series
The Forerunner, His Parables and Poems
Birthright: A Novel
The Hawk of Egypt
Fantasia of the Unconscious
The Passionate Elopement
The Story of the Airship (Non-rigid): A Study of One of America's Lesser Known Defense Weapons
Fortitude
A Man of Means
Insurgent Mexico
Under the Andes
Laboratory Manual of Glass-Blowing
Pottery, for Artists, Craftsmen & Teachers
Little Friend Lydia
Find the Woman
Religion and ceremonies of the Lenape
Early Spring
The Girl in the Golden Atom
Nicanor - Teller of Tales : A Story of Roman Britain
Two Years with the Natives in the Western Pacific
The Isle of Vanishing Men: A Narrative of Adventure in Cannibal-land
The ice goes out
Hobson's Choice: A Lancashire Comedy in Four Acts
Treat 'em Rough: Letters from Jack the Kaiser Killer
Daughter of the Sun: A Tale of Adventure
Practical Grammar and Composition
Seven Keys to Baldpate
Woodcraft
The ghosts of their ancestors
Tales of Secret Egypt
Thomas Hardy's Dorset
Sons and Lovers
The Foundation of the Ottoman Empire; a history of the Osmanlis up to the death of Bayezid I (1300-1403)
The Story of the 2/4th Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
Night Bombing with the Bedouins
From the Car Behind
At the Age of Eve
Brazilian Literature
The American Empire
Doctor Dolittle's Post Office
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of James Joyce
William Tell Told Again
The Road
Land of the Burnt Thigh
Pledged to the Dead
Paul Verlaine
Fighting Germany's Spies
The Hobo: The Sociology of the Homeless Man
Dawn O'Hara: The Girl Who Laughed
In the Clutch of the War-God
The Tale of Terror: A Study of the Gothic Romance
Half-Past Seven Stories
Berry and Co.
35 Sonnets
Prairie Flowers
Zen Buddhism, and Its Relation to Art
The Literature and History of New Testament Times
Building with Logs
Not George Washington — an Autobiographical Novel
Mountain Blood: A Novel
Indiscretions of Archie
The Dollar Hen
Tarrano the Conqueror
The Behavior of Crowds: A Psychological Study
Ethnobotany of the Ojibwe Indians
The Doves' Nest, and Other Stories
Harriet and the Piper
Lady Luck
Aviation Engines: Design—Construction—Operation and Repair
The City of Auckland, New Zealand, 1840-1920
The Three Godfathers
Guest the One-Eyed
The outermost house : $b A year of life on the great beach of Cape Cod
The Swoop! or, How Clarence Saved England: A Tale of the Great Invasion
Public Speaking
Fragments from France
The Negro in the American Rebellion: His Heroism and His Fidelity
The Viking Blood: A Story of Seafaring
Astronomy for Young Folks
Johnny Nelson: How a one-time pupil of Hopalong Cassidy of the famous Bar-20 ranch in the Pecos Valley performed an act of knight-errantry and what came of it
The Wright Brothers
The three strings
Love Conquers All
Where the Pavement Ends
The Islands of Magic: Legends, Folk and Fairy Tales from the Azores
Botany: The Science of Plant Life
"Good-Morning, Rosamond!"
Love Among the Chickens
The Heart of Rachael
The Gold Bat
Military Instructors Manual
The Amateur Army
Jane Journeys On
New Poems
The Airlords of Han
The Heritage of the Hills
The Agrarian Problem in the Sixteenth Century
West Point: An Intimate Picture of the National Military Academy and of the Life of the Cadet
The Village in the Jungle
The Quest of the Sacred Slipper
Books and Characters, French & English
North of Fifty-Three
A Preface to Politics
Opportunities in Aviation
How to Invest Money
Regiment of Women
The Adventures of a Woman Hobo
Washington Confidential
The Dangerfield Talisman
Form and Function: A Contribution to the History of Animal Morphology
The New Education: A Review of Progressive Educational Movements of the Day (1915)
News writing : $b The gathering , handling and writing of news stories
The Life of Francis Thompson
The Palace of Darkened Windows
A Poor Man's House
The Harbor of Doubt
The Great Steel Strike and its Lessons
Jeremiah: A Drama in Nine Scenes
The Natural Food of Man: Being an attempt to prove from comparative anatomy, physiology, chemistry and hygiene, that the original, best and natural diet of man is fruit and nuts
Java Head
Kindred of the Dust
Rough Stone Monuments and Their Builders
The Adventures of a Dog, and a Good Dog Too
The Stamps of Canada
The Lost Despatch
An Earthman on Venus (Originally titled "The Radio Man")
First the Blade: A Comedy of Growth
The case with nine solutions
Notes on democracy
Little Sally Waters
Rosa Mundi and Other Stories
The Barren Ground Caribou of Keewatin
Black-Eyed Susan
Edmund Dulac's Picture-Book for the French Red Cross
Naval Occasions, and Some Traits of the Sailor-man
Anatomy and Embalming: A Treatise on the Science and Art of Embalming, the Latest and Most Successful Methods of Treatment and the General Anatomy Relating to this Subject
The Toxins and Venoms and Their Antibodies
Missy
If I May
The Genius
They Who Knock at Our Gates: A Complete Gospel of Immigration
True Ghost Stories
Children of the Dead End: The Autobiography of an Irish Navvy
The murders in Praed Street
The Plattsburg Manual: A Handbook for Military Training
The Lilac Lady
The Raising and Care of Guinea Pigs: A complete guide to the breeding, feeding, housing, exhibiting and marketing of cavies
Buck Peters, Ranchman: Being the Story of What Happened When Buck Peters, Hopalong Cassidy, and Their Bar-20 Associates Went to Montana
'And So Ad Infinitum' (The Life of the Insects): An Entomological Review, in Three Acts, a Prologue and an Epilogue
Clotel; Or, The President's Daughter
Den Hunting as a Means of Coyote Control
Tagalog Texts with Grammatical Analysis
Home Fun
Love Songs
"Over the Top," by an American Soldier Who Went: Together with Tommy's Dictionary of the Trenches
Story Hour Readings: Seventh Year
The War Service of the 1/4 Royal Berkshire Regiment (T. F.)
Roosevelt in the Bad Lands
Cupid in Africa
Law of the North (Originally published as Empery): A Story of Love and Battle in Rupert's Land
My Wonderful Visit
The Believing Years
The Suffragette: The History of the Women's Militant Suffrage Movement, 1905-1910
Knuckles and Gloves
The Long Chance
Under Handicap: A Novel
The Sixth Sense: A Novel
Ukridge
This Freedom
Ancient Rome: The Lives of Great Men
Twilight in Italy
Laugh and Live
The Tyranny of God
The Great Quest: A romance of 1826, wherein are recorded the experiences of Josiah Woods of Topham, and of those others with whom he sailed for Cuba and the Gulf of Guinea
The Story of the Pullman Car
While I Remember
A Manual of Shoemaking and Leather and Rubber Products
Jenny: A Novel
The nameless man
The Man with the Clubfoot
The Book-Hunter at Home
The Century Handbook of Writing
Mountain: A Novel
Herman Melville, Mariner and Mystic
The Dark Frigate
"I was there" with the Yanks on the western front, 1917-1919
Carnival
Men, Women and Guns
Of All Things
The Audiencia in the Spanish Colonies: As illustrated by the Audiencia of Manila (1583-1800)
The War Poems of Siegfried Sassoon
Aunt Olive in Bohemia
Uneasy Money
The Coming of Bill
Greenwich Village
At the Little Brown House
The Wages of Virtue
The Argentine Republic: Its Development and Progress
The Black Man: His Antecedents, His Genius, and His Achievements
Murder in the maze
Once Aboard the Lugger-- The History of George and his Mary
Personality Plus: Some Experiences of Emma McChesney and Her Son, Jock
The Cross-Cut
Thomas Jefferson, the Apostle of Americanism
Vie de Bohème: A Patch of Romantic Paris
The Boy's Book of New Inventions
Drawn at a Venture: A Collection of Drawings
Faery Lands of the South Seas
Hopalong Cassidy's Rustler Round-Up; Or, Bar-20
Games for Hallow-e'en
Patriotic Plays and Pageants for Young People
A Manual of the Art of Fiction
Collected Poems: Volume One
Life's Minor Collisions
The Vanity Girl
The Coming of Cassidy—And the Others
The Fortieth Door
The reckoning : $b a play in one act
Pilgrim Trails: A Plymouth-to-Provincetown Sketchbook
Mediæval Heresy & the Inquisition
Mechanical Devices in the Home
Joseph Conrad
Port Arthur : $b a monster heroism
Sam in the Suburbs
Philo-Judæus of Alexandria
Embankment at Night
The Red River Colony: A Chronicle of the Beginnings of Manitoba
Lessons in Wireless Telegraphy
A Gentleman of Leisure
The "Canary" murder case
Fanny Herself
The Pride of Palomar
Man to Man
Confessions of an Opera Singer
Tieck's Essay on the Boydell Shakspere Gallery
Gullible's Travels, Etc.
Friend Island
Poor Relations
Working North from Patagonia: Being the Narrative of a Journey, Earned on the Way, Through Southern and Eastern South America
The Chinese Dragon
Life of Christ
The Story of the Pony Express
Rung Ho! A Novel
The Maid of the Whispering Hills
The Politeness of Princes, and Other School Stories
Second Plays
Brigands of the Moon
The Boy Craftsman: Practical and Profitable Ideas for a Boy's Leisure Hours
From Newton to Einstein: Changing Conceptions of the Universe
A Gallery of Children
The small bachelor
Five nights at the Five Pines
Once a week
The Journal of Submarine Commander von Forstner
Pitching in a Pinch; or, Baseball from the Inside
The Hills of Desire
"Great-Heart": The Life Story of Theodore Roosevelt
In the Wilds of South America
The Dinner Club
Divots
Rhetoric and Poetry in the Renaissance: A Study of Rhetorical Terms in English Renaissance Literary Criticism
The Secret City
The River and I
The American Credo: A Contribution Toward the Interpretation of the National Mind
The viaduct murder
The Plumed Serpent
A vision of life : $b Poems
Roast Beef, Medium: The Business Adventures of Emma McChesney
Mr. Pim Passes By: A Comedy in Three Acts
The Gem Collector
Francisco the Filipino
Bygone Beliefs: Being a Series of Excursions in the Byways of Thought
The Crock of Gold
Gilbert Keith Chesterton
Caves of Terror
Kentucky in American Letters, 1784-1912. Vol. 1 of 2
The Forged Note: A Romance of the Darker Races
From Job to Job around the World
Accounting theory and practice, Volume 2 (of 3) : $b a textbook for colleges and schools of business administration
A Prefect's Uncle
Death at the Excelsior, and Other Stories
The underworld: The story of Robert Sinclair, miner
Rudyard Kipling
Hugh Selwyn Mauberley
The History of the 36th (Ulster) Division
Vagabonding down the Andes: Being the Narrative of a Journey, Chiefly Afoot, from Panama to Buenos Aires
Kora in Hell: Improvisations
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of David H. Lawrence
Europe Since 1918
Religion and the rise of capitalism : $b A historical study
The Agony Column
Bat Wing
The Head of Kay's
The White Riband; Or, A Young Female's Folly
The Evolution of an English Town
A Catalogue of Early Pennsylvania and Other Firearms and Edged Weapons at "Restless Oaks", McElhattan, Pa.
Day of Infamy Speech: Given before the US Congress December 8 1941
Early Theories of Translation
Christmas Light
Sinister Street, vol. 2
Billy Barcroft, R.N.A.S.: A Story of the Great War
Prejudices, fourth series
Brazil today and tomorrow
The Moon Endureth: Tales and Fancies
The Red Seal
The Century Vocabulary Builder
Atlantida
A History of Trade Unionism in the United States
The Mayflower Society House: Being the story of the Edward Winslow House, the Mayflower Society, the Pilgrims
Porto Bello gold
Elmer Gantry
The Blind Spot
Emblems of Love
Bolshevism: The Enemy of Political and Industrial Democracy
Letters from Mesopotamia in 1915 and January, 1916: From Robert Palmer, who was killed in the Battle of Um El Hannah, June 21, 1916, aged 27 years
The Note-Book of an Attaché: Seven Months in the War Zone
Paul Gauguin, His Life and Art
The History of the British Post Office
The Four Roads
Changeling, and Other Stories
The shadow girl
Woodrow Wilson and the World War: A Chronicle of Our Own Times.
The Psychology of Singing: A Rational Method of Voice Culture Based on a Scientific Analysis of All Systems, Ancient and Modern
Judy of York Hill
All That Matters
Reincarnations
Our national forests : $b a short popular account of the work of the United States Forest service on the national forests
The Aswân Obelisk: With some remarks on the Ancient Engineering
Memories of the Russian Court
The making of a mountaineer
A History of Aeronautics
Maintaining Health (Formerly Health and Efficiency)
The Odds: And Other Stories
Mediaeval Socialism
Why Joan?
What Not: A Prophetic Comedy
The Woman and the Car: A Chatty Little Handbook for All Women Who Motor or Who Want to Motor
Bar-20 Days
Tales of St. Austin's
Every Soul Hath Its Song
The Hand of Fu-Manchu: Being a New Phase in the Activities of Fu-Manchu, the Devil Doctor
The Pathless Trail
The Lord of Misrule, and Other Poems
The Secrets of a Kuttite: An Authentic Story of Kut, Adventures in Captivity and Stamboul Intrigue
"Tex"
Ancient Plants: Being a Simple Account of the past Vegetation of the Earth and of the Recent Important Discoveries Made in This Realm of Nature
Airplane Photography
Poems
Homage to John Dryden: Three Essays on Poetry of the Seventeenth Century
The Silence: What It Is and How To Use It
The Firelight Fairy Book
Bill Bolton—Flying Midshipman
The Child's Book of the Seasons
Three Men and a Maid
The White Feather
Bullets & Billets
The Insurrection in Dublin
Kenny
The Wind Bloweth
Still Jim
Hopalong Cassidy
Selected Poems
The Medieval Latin Hymn
Locked Doors
The Study of Plant Life
The Happy Hunting-Grounds
Moving Pictures: How They Are Made and Worked
An awfully big adventure
The Golden Scorpion
Elements of Plumbing
The School and the World
The Gorgeous Girl
Wild Oranges
Paradise Bend
The Negro in Literature and Art in the United States
Egholm and his God
Tarr
Landmarks of Charleston: Including Description of an Incomparable Stroll
Three Plays
The Real Tsaritsa
The Prince and Betty
Humoresque: A Laugh on Life with a Tear Behind It
Abe Lincoln Gets His Chance
Science of Trapping: Describes the Fur Bearing Animals, Their Nature, Habits and Distribution, with Practical Methods for Their Capture
The Value of Money
The Super Race: An American Problem
Istar of Babylon: A Phantasy
Amazing Grace, Who Proves That Virtue Has Its Silver Lining
The Ordeal of Mark Twain
Webster—Man's Man
Thrifty Stock, and Other Stories
Show Boat
Lessons in Sabre, Singlestick, Sabre & Bayonet, and Sword Feats: or, How to use a cut and thrust sword
The Bridal Wreath
A Port Said miscellany
Main Street, and Other Poems
Hassan : the story of Hassan of Bagdad, and how he came to make the golden journey to Samarkand : a play in five acts
Our Mr. Wrenn: The Romantic Adventures of a Gentle Man
King Arthur's Socks and Other Village Plays
Home Vegetable Gardening: A Complete and Practical Guide to the Planting and Care of All Vegetables, Fruits and Berries Worth Growing for Home Use
Abraham Lincoln: A Play
Landmarks in French Literature
Red-Robin
Daisy Ashford: Her Book
Pot-Boilers
Happy House
The Girls of Chequertrees
The Meredith Mystery
Wireless Telegraph Construction For Amateurs
Essentials of Music Theory: Elementary
Flame and Shadow
The Little Nugget
Seven O'Clock Stories
Rich Relatives
Kentucky in American Letters, 1784-1912. Vol. 2 of 2
The Early Life and Adventures of Sylvia Scarlett
Old Mole: Being the Surprising Adventures in England of Herbert Jocelyn Beenham, M.A., Sometime Sixth-Form Master at Thrigsby Grammar School in the County of Lancaster
Anna Christie
Ancient Man: The Beginning of Civilizations
Queed: A Novel
The Green Eyes of Bâst
The Dark Forest
The Velveteen Rabbit
Half-Past Bedtime
Britain in the Middle Ages: A History for Beginners
The Life and Times of Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt: A Study in the Origin of the Roman Empire
The Tragic Story of the Empress of Ireland, and Other Great Sea Disasters
English Poems, Volume 01 (of 2)
Green Valley
Social Value: A Study in Economic Theory, Critical and Constructive
Rowlandson's Oxford
Through the South Seas with Jack London
It Might Have Happened to You: A Contemporary Portrait of Central and Eastern Europe
The Counterplot
The Railway Conquest of the World
Baby Mine
The Story of Julia Page
The Heart of the Range
Pragmatism
Big Timber: A Story of the Northwest
Studies in Forensic Psychiatry
Highacres
Oscar Wilde, a Critical Study
Damned: The Intimate Story of a Girl
The Japanese New Year's Festival, Games and Pastimes
The Crisis in Russia
T. Haviland Hicks, Senior
The Tidal Wave and Other Stories
If You're Going to Live in the Country
Gigolo
The Brand of Silence: A Detective Story
Manual of the Enumeration: A Text Book on the Sciences of the Enumeration, Book one
Bizarre
Nietzsche and Art
The Great Push: An Episode of the Great War
War Gardens: A Pocket Guide for Home Vegetable Growers
The official chaperon
The Pothunters
Seven Miles to Arden
The Gray Phantom's Return
The Hundredth Chance
The Road to En-Dor: Being an Account of How Two Prisoners of War at Yozgad in Turkey Won Their Way to Freedom
Mark Tidd: His Adventures and Strategies
New York: Confidential!
Space-Liner X-87
Inaugural Address of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Given in Washington, D.C. March 4th, 1933
Notable Women of Modern China
Three Years in Europe: Places I Have Seen and People I Have Met
The Innocents: A Story for Lovers
Japanese Prints
The Orphan
Wounded and a Prisoner of War, by an Exchanged Officer
The Demi-gods
Home-made Electrical Apparatus
The Women Who Make Our Novels
American nights entertainment
The sunny side
Diane of the Green Van
The White Invaders
Nietzsche: His Life and Works
The Garden Without Walls
The Battle of San Jacinto and the San Jacinto Campaign
The Castle of Twilight
A modern trio in an old town
"Holding the line"
The dark mother : $b a novel
The Cathedral: A Novel
Desert Love
The Swindler and Other Stories
The Windy Hill
The Hammer of Thor
College Teaching: Studies in Methods of Teaching in the College
Culture and Cooking; Or, Art in the Kitchen
Wilderness, A Journal of Quiet Adventure in Alaska
Touring Afoot
The Marbeck Inn: A Novel
The Boy Allies with Marshal Foch; or, The Closing Days of the Great World War
Imperfectly Proper
The Red Reign: The True Story of an Adventurous Year in Russia
Jerry Todd and the Oak Island Treasure
Dark of the Moon
The three taps : $b A detective story without a moral
The adventuress : $b A Craig Kennedy detective story
Mysteries of the missing
The Bells of San Juan
Lameness of the Horse: Veterinary Practitioners' Series, No. 1
Judith of Blue Lake Ranch
Le Petit Nord: or, Annals of a Labrador Harbour
The Jacobite Rebellions (1689-1746): (Bell's Scottish History Source Books.)
Lectures in Navigation
The Land of Frozen Suns: A Novel
The Viceroys of Ireland
The pragmatic theory of truth as developed by Peirce, James, and Dewey
Out and About London
Phantom of the Seven Stars
Veterinary Medicines, Their Actions, Uses and Dose
Paid off
Picturesque Spain: Architecture, landscape, life of the people.
The omnipotent self, a study in self-deception and self-cure
Whale hunting with gun and camera: A naturalist's account of the modern shore-whaling industry, of whales and their habits, and of hunting experiences in various parts of the world
Into the fourth dimension
Reflections on the death of a porcupine and other essays
Emma McChesney and Co.
War in the Garden of Eden
'Smiles': A Rose of the Cumberlands
The Dark Tower
Frank of Freedom Hill
Angela's Business
Larkspur
The Soldier and Death: A Russian Folk Tale Told in English by Arthur Ransome
The Vanishing Point
The Gods and Mr. Perrin: A Tragi-Comedy
Picture-Show
Nordenholt's Million
Women in the Life of Balzac
The Prose of Alfred Lichtenstein
Gaslight Sonatas
The Religious Spirit of the Slavs: Three Lectures Given in Lent, 1916
The Nervous Housewife
Grasshopper Green and the Meadow Mice
Aliens
The Ice Pilot
Conscript 2989: Experiences of a Drafted Man
Making a Rose Garden
Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester: A Biography
Poems, 1908-1919
Fossils: A Story of the Rocks and Their Record of Prehistoric Life
Jeremy and Hamlet: A Chronicle of Certain Incidents in the Lives of a Boy, a Dog, and a Country Town
The Music of Spain
The United States Marine Corps in the World War
Chalk face
A spring-time case : $b (Otsuya koroshi)
Helen of Troy, and Other Poems
The Poisoned Pen
Jailed for Freedom
The Open Secret of Ireland
Uncle Noah's Christmas Inspiration
The Third Great Plague: A Discussion of Syphilis for Everyday People
The Winning Clue
Bird Houses Boys Can Build
An Atheist Manifesto
The Sea Bride
Paint Technology and Tests
Guy and Pauline
With the French Flying Corps
Robert Schumann, Tone-Poet, Prophet and Critic
The Red Lady
The Rat-Pit
The Native Races of British North America
The Wanderings of an Elephant Hunter
Buttered Side Down: Stories
The Boy Allies with Haig in Flanders; Or, the Fighting Canadians of Vimy Ridge
The Rat Racket
Connie Morgan in the Fur Country
Materials and Methods of Fiction: With an Introduction by Brander Matthews
The Bail Jumper
Visual Illusions: Their Causes, Characteristics and Applications
A Song of the Guns
Syndicalism in France
The Complete Poems of Francis Ledwidge: with Introductions by Lord Dunsany
Bread and Circuses
Smoke of the .45
The Flower of Old Japan, and Other Poems
Bakst : $b The story of Leon Bakst's life
Clotelle; Or, The Colored Heroine, a tale of the Southern States; Or, The President's Daughter
In the Amazon Jungle: Adventures in Remote Parts of the Upper Amazon River, Including a Sojourn Among Cannibal Indians
The Red Horizon
The World Beyond
Chimneys & Fireplaces: They Contribute to the Health Comfort and Happiness of the Farm Family - How to Build Them
Sonnets from Hafez & Other Verses
You're on the Air
Roaming Through the West Indies
The theory and practice of argumentation and debate
Home-made Toy Motors: A practical handbook giving detailed instructions for building simple but operative electric motors
Essays of a Biologist
The secret spring
Mystery at Lynden Sands
A Heap o' Livin'
Martie, the Unconquered
The Wishing-Ring Man
Tortoises
Hymen
Geraldine Farrar: The Story of an American Singer
Leerie
The Literature of Ecstasy
Women of Achievement: Written for the Fireside Schools
Sylvia & Michael: The later adventures of Sylvia Scarlett
Four Months Afoot in Spain
Ragna
Dividing Waters
What Nietzsche Taught
How To Build A 20-Foot Bi-Plane Glider
The Myth of the Birth of the Hero: A psychological interpretation of mythology
Wild west
David Thompson, the explorer
The trumpeter of Krakow : $b A tale of the fifteenth century
Rivers to the Sea
The Blood Red Dawn
The Boy Allies at Verdun; Or, Saving France from the Enemy
If Winter Comes
The Master Mystery
Makers of Madness: A Play in One Act and Three Scenes
The Enchanted Canyon
The White Desert
A History of Giggleswick School from its Foundation, 1499 to 1912
The Pioneers
Dorothy Dixon and the Mystery Plane
Illumination and Its Development in the Present Day
Three Lancashire Plays: The Game; The Northerners; Zack
Slaves of Freedom
Allegheny Episodes: Folk Lore and Legends Collected in Northern and Western Pennsylvania
A Vagabond Journey Around the World: A Narrative of Personal Experience
Captain Lucy in the Home Sector
Greek vase-painting (Griechische Vasenmalerei)
The Radio Beasts
Shadow in the House
Prejudices, fifth series
Pioneers of the Old Southwest: a chronicle of the dark and bloody ground
The Life and Romances of Mrs. Eliza Haywood
The Lamp in the Desert
Poor Man's Rock
A Journal From Our Legation in Belgium
From Plotzk to Boston
Jonah and Co.
Dawson Black: Retail Merchant
Exultations
The Story of Our Submarines
The New German Constitution
The Lonely Warrior
The Poet Assassinated
Porgy
The Devil's Dooryard
The unseen ear
The unwelcome man : $b a novel
The Captives
An American Idyll: The Life of Carleton H. Parker
Over Here
Wandl the Invader
The Forbidden Trail
The Book of Gud
A Tree with a Bird in it:: A Symposium of Contemporary American Poets on Being Shown a Pear-tree on Which Sat a Grackle
Poems & Parodies
Mark Tidd, Editor
Extracts Relating to Mediaeval Markets and Fairs in England
George Frideric Handel
The Young Enchanted: A Romantic Story
Pyrotechnics: The History and Art of Firework Making
The Greene murder case
The Dream Doctor
The Mutineers: A Tale of Old Days at Sea and of Adventures in the Far East as Benjamin Lathrop Set It Down Some Sixty Years Ago
The United Empire Loyalists: A Chronicle of the Great Migration [1914 ed.]
John Lyly
The Little Regiment, and Other Episodes of the American Civil War
The Quest of Glory
Peradventure; or, The Silence of God
Mermaid
Memories of the future : $b Being memoirs of the years 1915‒1972, written in the year of grace 1988
The Life and Times of Akhnaton, Pharaoh of Egypt
The logic of modern physics
The Akkra case
Poor, Dear Margaret Kirby
Half Portions
Principles of Teaching
Kitchener's Mob: Adventures of an American in the British Army
The Straw
Richard Strauss
The Bar-20 Three
The Man Inside
The Cat's Paw
Psychoanalysis and the unconscious
The terrors of the upper air
Dust
Kildares of Storm
Rembrandt, With a Complete List of His Etchings
Poems - First Series
The Whirligig of Time
Red Caps and Lilies
Illustrated Edition of the Life and Escape of Wm. Wells Brown from American Slavery: Written by Himself
The Writing of News: A Handbook with Chapters on Newspaper Correspondence and Copy Reading
Bedouin Love
Juggernaut of Space
Limehouse Nights
Youth and Life
Einstein and the universe: A popular exposition of the famous theory
Aspects of Literature
Nocturne
The She Boss: A Western Story
The Fifth Wheel: A Novel
Serbia in Light and Darkness: With Preface by the Archbishop of Canterbury, (1916)
The Veterinarian
Letters of a Radio-Engineer to His Son
The Abiding Presence of the Holy Ghost in the Soul
The Black Opal
The Golden Book of the Dutch Navigators
The Family among the Australian Aborigines, a Sociological Study
The Mentor: Photography, Vol. 6, Num. 12, Serial No. 160, August 1, 1918
Jules of the great heart : $b "free" trapper and outlaw in the Hudson Bay region in the early days
A vagabond in the Caucasus : $b with some notes of his experiences among the Russians
The War-Nymphs of Venus
The theory of relativity and its influence on scientific thought
Beyond the stars
Ashes to ashes
One good turn
Count Luckner, the Sea Devil
Jeremy
Belinda: An April Folly in Three Acts
Josephus
Prudence of the Parsonage
The Short Cut
Monophysitism Past and Present: A Study in Christology
The Boy Grew Older
Vocational Psychology: Its Problems and Methods
Knock Three Times!
Where the Phph Pebbles Go
Love Insurance
A London Mosaic
The Escape; Or, A Leap For Freedom: A Drama, in Five Acts
Beyond the Law
When Africa awakes: The "inside story" of the stirrings and strivings of the new Negro in the Western world
The House of de Mailly : $b A romance
The Brother of Daphne
The Happy Foreigner
The Vertical City
The Life of Robert Louis Stevenson for Boys and Girls
Essentials in Conducting
Choice Cookery
The Social Gangster
The Circus, and Other Essays and Fugitive Pieces
The Amateur Diplomat: A Novel
The Jews among the Greeks and Romans
Plain Concrete for Farm Use
Sydney Lisle, the Heiress of St. Quentin
Latin America: Its Rise and Progress
A Bill of Divorcement: A Play in Three Acts
Ariel: A Shelley Romance
Joyce Kilmer : $b poems, essays and letters in two volumes. Volume 1, memoirs and poems
Jane--Our Stranger: A Novel
The Trevor case
Westward hoboes : $b ups and downs of frontier motoring
The shadow of the East
The Old Coast Road: From Boston to Plymouth
Colorado Jim
The Next Step: A Plan for Economic World Federation
The Intelligence of Woman
Pink Gods and Blue Demons
The A. E. F.: With General Pershing and the American Forces
Dream Blocks
Modernities
Oh, Rats!
Ventures Into Verse: Being various ballads, ballades, rondeaux, triolets, songs, quatrains, odes and roundels, all rescued from the potters' field of old files and here given decent burial
The Desert Mounted Corps: An Account of the Cavalry Operations in Palestine and Syria 1917-1918
Red Dusk and the Morrow: Adventures and Investigations in Red Russia
Cannibal-land: Adventures with a camera in the New Hebrides
George Bernard Shaw: His Plays
The gentle art of tramping
Photographic investigations of faint nebulae
The Agrarian Crusade: A Chronicle of the Farmer in Politics
Gardening Indoors and Under Glass: A Practical Guide to the Planting, Care and Propagation of House Plants, and to the Construction and Management of Hotbed, Coldframe and Small Greenhouse
The Problems of Psychical Research: Experiments and Theories in the Realm of the Supernormal
Too Old for Dolls: A Novel
Anything Once
A Diary Without Dates
Burning Sands
"Back from hell"
The Man in Ratcatcher, and Other Stories
Hepplestall's
Bill Bolton and the Winged Cartwheels
Robert Curthose, Duke of Normandy
The Way of Martha and the Way of Mary
An Englishwoman in Angora
Rosaleen among the artists
A manual on the origin and development of Washington
Saturday's Child
The Hippodrome
High Adventure: A Narrative of Air Fighting in France
Westward with the Prince of Wales
Religion and Science from Galileo to Bergson
The Happy Warrior
Goblins and Pagodas
Bruce of the Circle A
Under Sail
The Singing Caravan: A Sufi Tale
Florence on a Certain Night, and Other Poems
The Historical Evidence for the Virgin Birth
Dealing in Futures: A Play in Three Acts
On the Eve of Redemption
The daily life of the Greeks and Romans as illustrated in the classical collections
Stories of grit
Doctor Dolittle in the Moon
Washington Square Plays
Sixteen Months in Four German Prisons: Wesel, Sennelager, Klingelputz, Ruhleben
"No Clue!": A Mystery Story
The Adventures of a Bear, and a Great Bear Too
Non-combatants and Others
How Justice Grew: Virginia Counties, An Abstract of Their Formation
Black Star's Campaign: A Detective Story
Hints on Wolf and Coyote Trapping
The Raft
Pitcher Pollock
The Diggers: The Australians in France
A Book of Poems, Al Que Quiere!
The Hermitage, Home of Old Hickory
The Return of Clubfoot
Jack Straw, Lighthouse Builder
A Tale of Old Japan
And Five Were Foolish
Diabetes: Its Cause and Its Treatment With Insulin
The romance of excavation : $b A record of the amazing discoveries in Egypt, Assyria, Troy, Crete, etc.
The ranch of the tombstones
Martin Pippin in the Apple Orchard
Assyrian Historiography: A Source Study
The Song of the Stone Wall
Since Cézanne
The Theory of the Theatre, and Other Principles of Dramatic Criticism
The Growth of English Drama
Blister Jones
The Sins of Séverac Bablon
The Fifth Ace
The Boy Who Knew What the Birds Said
Interpreters
H. R.
The Whale and the Grasshopper, and Other Fables
Kensington Rhymes
Wanderfoot (The Dream Ship)
On Patrol
The New Map of Europe (1911-1914): The Story of the Recent European Diplomatic Crises and Wars and of Europe's Present Catastrophe
Kings-at-Arms
Weeds
The Girl from Infinite Smallness
The Glebe 1913/12 (Vol. 1, No. 3): The Azure Adder
Model Flying Machines
Negro workaday songs
Yashka : $b My life as peasant, exile and soldier
The illustrated story of evolution
Thérèse
Life in Mexico
City of Endless Night
How to Use Your Mind: A Psychology of Study: Being a Manual for the Use of Students and Teachers in the Administration of Supervised Study
A Tramp's Sketches
The Story of the American Legion: The Birth of the Legion
Applied Design for Printers: A Handbook of the Principles of Arrangement, with Brief Comment on the Periods of Design Which Have Most Strongly Influenced Printing
Rembrandt's Amsterdam
Just Gerry
The Sword of Deborah: First-hand impressions of the British Women's Army in France
The Stampeder
The Land of Tomorrow
Church and Nation: The Bishop Paddock Lectures for 1914-15
The Judgement of Valhalla
Mendel: A Story of Youth
Pan-Worship, and Other Poems
Poems
Mary Wollstonecraft and the beginnings of female emancipation in France and   England
Pirate Princes and Yankee Jacks: Setting forth David Forsyth's Adventures in America's Battles on Sea and Desert with the Buccaneer Princes of Barbary, with an Account of a Search under the Sands of the Sahara Desert for the Treasure-filled Tomb of Ancient Kings
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 8
Creepin' Tintypes
Cargoes for Crusoes
In self-defense
The place of magic in the intellectual history of Europe
Maritime enterprise, 1485-1558
The Morgan trail : $b a story of Hashknife Hartley
Married life; $b or, The true romance
The Gun-Brand
The True Story of Our National Calamity of Flood, Fire and Tornado
Prudence Says So
Witch-Doctors
The Rose-Garden Husband
Tiger Cat
A Short History of English Liberalism
Index to Kindergarten Songs Including Singing Games and Folk Songs
The Second Fiddle
Quaint and Historic Forts of North America
The Able McLaughlins
Full Speed Ahead: Tales from the Log of a Correspondent with Our Navy
Sappho and her influence
The Flame Breathers
The wooden Pegasus
How Paper Boxes Are Made: A practical and instructive book telling how the beginner may manufacture all kinds of paper boxes, with special chapters on the printing department for paper box plants, embossing, gold-leafing, label work, etc.
Modern dancing and dancers
Siberia To-Day
The Dead-Line
Extra-galactic nebulae
The painted room
Aeroplanes and Dirigibles of War
Polly of the Circus
The First Man
Eeldrop and Appleplex
Gone to Earth
The Foolish Lovers
Under the Tree
No Man's Land
The Wonders of the Jungle, Book Two
Nuala O'Malley
The Bright Shawl
The Mesa Trail
The Black Star: A Detective Story
The Highflyers
The German Terror in Belgium: An Historical Record
Europe in the Middle Ages
The Alps
The Mystery of Seal Islands
A History of Story-telling: Studies in the development of narrative
The Star-Master
Dress and Look Slender
Black Pawl
Troubled Waters
Peaks of Shala
Gallipoli Diary
Cytherea
The Real Dope
Contemporary American Novelists (1900-1920)
Christmas Outside of Eden
The War Chief of the Six Nations: A Chronicle of Joseph Brant
Wintry Peacock: From "The New Decameron", Volume III.
Lynton and Lynmouth: A Pageant of Cliff & Moorland
Heart of Gold
Little Lost Sister
A Canadian Bankclerk
The Dramatization of Bible Stories: An experiment in the religious education of children
The Cambrian Sketch-Book: Tales, Scenes, and Legends of Wild Wales
Sudden Jim
New Zealanders at Gallipoli
Flying the Atlantic in Sixteen Hours: With a Discussion of Aircraft in Commerce and Transportation
Greek dress : $b a study of the costumes worn in ancient Greece, from pre-Hellenic times to the Hellenistic age
The Brown Brethren
Gods of Space
Time out for redheads
She Stands Accused
Oxy-Acetylene Welding and Cutting: Electric, Forge and Thermit Welding together with related methods and materials used in metal working and the oxygen process for removal of carbon
Women and War Work
Burned Bridges
Beyond the Vanishing Point
The Last Generation: A Story of the Future
The Mardi Gras Mystery
Immortal Youth: A Study in the Will to Create
Father Thrift and His Animal Friends
The Magic of Spain
Hymnological Studies
The Art of Tying the Cravat; Demonstrated in sixteen lessons
The pathology of influenza
Narrative of William W. Brown, a Fugitive Slave. Second Edition
The Jester
A History of Southern Utah and Its National Parks (Revised)
The Second Mate
Kachina Dolls
Hindu Magic: An Expose of the Tricks of the Yogis and Fakirs of India
Bottoms Up: An Application of the Slapstick to Satire
S. Hurok Presents; A Memoir of the Dance World
To Mesopotamia and Kurdistan in disguise : $b with historical notices of the Kurdish tribes and the Chaldeans of Kurdistan
One Basket
The Verse-Book of a Homely Woman
The Principles of Aesthetics
Watchers of the Sky
The Happy End
The Knave of Diamonds
Elements of Debating: A Manual for Use in High Schools and Academies
The Altar Steps
Out To Win: The Story of America in France
The Thing from the Lake
Changing Winds: A Novel
An Ocean Tramp
The Duchess of Wrexe, Her Decline and Death; A Romantic Commentary
Unexplored!
Hugh Walpole: An Appreciation
The Origin of Paul's Religion
Rada: A Belgian Christmas Eve
The I. W. W.: A Study of American Syndicalism
Culture & Ethnology
Ethan Allen, the Robin Hood of Vermont
The Island of Appledore
The Anti-slavery Harp: A Collection of Songs for Anti-slavery Meetings
The Flower Beneath the Foot: Being a record of the early life of St. Laura de Nazianzi and the times in which she lived
Stories of the East
The Thirteen Travellers
Not Snow Nor Rain
Jack Straw in Mexico: How the Engineers Defended the Great Hydro-Electric Plant
The Story of the Alphabet
The Tank Corps
Flytraps and Their Operation [1930]
Some Impressions of My Elders
Portraits and Speculations
The Starlight Wonder Book
The Book of Gallant Vagabonds
The United Empire Loyalists: A Chronicle of the Great Migration [1920 ed.]
The voice in the fog
Rahab
Mohammed
Snow-Blind
Oliver Cromwell: A Play
Wolf Breed
The Leicestershires beyond Baghdad
Piccaninnies
Making a Fireplace
Anthony Lyveden
Paul Bunyan and His Loggers
Servants of the Guns
John Dewey's logical theory
God and the King
Conquest; Or, A Piece of Jade; a New Play in Three Acts
Sylvia Arden Decides
Won in the Ninth: The first of a series of stories for boys on sports to be known as The Matty Books
The Three Furlongers
Sonnets and Poems
Adventures in American Bookshops, Antique Stores and Auction Rooms
Tetherstones
In Quest of El Dorado
Rachel: A Play in Three Acts
Ara vus prec
Kansas Women in Literature
Poems
The Trespasser
Something Else Again
The Einstein See-Saw
General Bramble
Canzoni & Ripostes: Whereto are appended the Complete Poetical Works of T.E. Hulme
Sixpenny Pieces
He Comes Up Smiling
Henry Ford's Own Story: How a Farmer Boy Rose to the Power that goes with Many Millions, Yet Never Lost Touch with Humanity
The Retreat from Mons
The Young Physician
Living Bayonets: A Record of the Last Push
The Cruise of the Dream Ship
Mark Tidd's Citadel
The Craft of Athenian Pottery: An Investigation of the Technique of Black-Figured and Red-Figured Athenian Vases
The Bee Hunter
English Poems, Volume 02 (of 2)
The Buckaroo of Blue Wells
Stars and atoms
Dennison Grant: A Novel of To-day
The Exploits of Elaine
The Lord of Death and the Queen of Life
Three Plays: The Fiddler's House, The Land, Thomas Muskerry
Six Feet Four
Sermons on Biblical Characters
The Yellow Horde
Educational Work of the Boy Scouts
A Bed of Roses
Turns about Town
Average Americans
The Corner of Harley Street: Being Some Familiar Correspondence of Peter Harding, M.D.
Crimes of Charity
Making Life Worth While
The Viper of Milan: A Romance of Lombardy
We Moderns: Enigmas and Guesses
Bill Bolton and Hidden Danger
Ameboid movement
Horrors and Atrocities of the Great War: Including the Tragic Destruction of the Lusitania
Mark Tidd in the Backwoods
The Little Moment of Happiness
Flames of the Storm
A Book of Marionettes
Cactus and Rattlers
With our army in Flanders
Miracle
Lions 'n' tigers 'n' everything
The photodrama : $b The philosophy of its principles, the nature of its plot, its dramatic construction and technique, illumined by copious examples, together with a complete photoplay and a glossary, making the work a practical treatise
Out of the blue
Chimes of Mission Bells; an historical sketch of California and her missions
Charles Rex
The Prelude to Adventure
The New Morning: Poems
Q.6.a and Other places: Recollections of 1916, 1917 and 1918
In the Oregon Country: Out-Doors in Oregon, Washington, and California Together with some Legendary Lore, and Glimpses of the Modern West in the Making
Wild Honey: Stories of South Africa
The Gray Phantom
Dorothy Dixon and the Double Cousin
Hector Berlioz: A Romantic Tragedy
The making of a bigot
Lightships and Lighthouses
Chats on Postage Stamps
Catty Atkins
The psycho-analytic study of the family
William the Conqueror and the Rule of the Normans
The Green Mirror: A Quiet Story
Colorado Wild Flowers
Heliodora, and Other Poems
The Fairy Latchkey
The Little Monsters Come
The Great American Novel
The Rising Son; or, the Antecedents and Advancement of the Colored Race
Shen of the Sea: A Book for Children
Portrait of a Man with Red Hair: A Romantic Macabre
The ethics of Hercules : $b A study of man's body as the sole determinant of ethical values
Zone Policeman 88; a close range study of the Panama canal and its workers
The Treasure-Train
Bars and Shadows: The Prison Poems of Ralph Chaplin
A Political and Social History of Modern Europe V.1.
An Art-Lovers Guide to the Exposition: Explanations of the Architecture, Sculpture and Mural Paintings, With a Guide for Study in the Art Gallery
Captivating Mary Carstairs
Read-Aloud Plays
The Debs Decision
Zodiac Town: The Rhymes of Amos and Ann
Two Thousand Miles Below
Brood of the Dark Moon: (A Sequel to "Dark Moon")
Challenge
Whispering Wires
Connie Morgan in the Lumber Camps
Sixty Squadron R.A.F.: A History of the Squadron from its Formation
Joseph Conrad
The Mentor: Beautiful Buildings of the World, Serial no. 33
Second Base Sloan
Samurai Trails: A Chronicle of Wanderings on the Japanese High Road
The Man from Bar 20: A Story of the Cow Country
The Soul Scar: A Craig Kennedy Scientific Mystery Novel
Were You Ever a Child?
The Gray Angels
Legend
First Base Faulkner
Tied Up for Tombstone
Law Rustlers
The Radio Gunner
Tales from a Dugout
Through Russian Central Asia
Untimely papers
The kiss to the leper
Machine gun manual : $b a complete manual to machine gunnery, containing details of Maxim, Vickers, Lewis, Colt, Hotchkiss, together with drill (elementary and advanced) fire orders, notes from the front and a mass of other useful information
The mating impulse
Okewood of the Secret Service
The Voice on the Wire
The Lyric: An Essay
The Keeper of the Door
The Broadway Anthology
Letters to Helen: Impressions of an Artist on the Western Front
Class of '29
Sunny Slopes
The Agony of the Church (1917)
Report of the Juvenile Delinquency Committee
Woodrow Wilson's Administration and Achievements
Beggars on Horseback
"I Conquered"
Burlesques
The Blocking of Zeebrugge
A History of the Cambridge University Press, 1521-1921
Young Earnest: The Romance of a Bad Start in Life
The Battle of the Falkland Islands, Before and After
Railroad Reorganization
Sussex Gorse: The Story of a Fight
A Dominie's Log
A Surgeon in Arms
Royal Romances of To-day
The Balkan Trail
When Oscar Went Wild
The Native Races of East Africa
Captain Fly-by-Night
The Wardens of Cape Cod : $b The achievements of the Coast Guard Patrol
Garrison's Finish: A Romance of the Race Course
State of the Union Addresses
The Marvelous Exploits of Paul Bunyan: As Told in the Camps of the White Pine Lumbermen for Generations During Which Time the Loggers Have Pioneered the Way Through the North Woods From Maine to California. Collected from Various Sources and Embellished for Publication
The Belgians to the Front
At The Bay
Antinous: A Poem
The Wooden Horse
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 2
The Furnace
The Escaping Club
Six Women and the Invasion
Dust of New York
In the Heart of the Christmas Pines
Bill Bruce on Forest Patrol
The Hermit Doctor of Gaya: A Love Story of Modern India
With the Scottish Regiments at the Front
Men I'm Not Married To; Women I'm Not Married To
A History of Aeronautics
Augustus Carp, Esq., by Himself: Being the Autobiography of a Really Good Man
The Fire Flower
Under the German shells
The escape of Alice: A Christmas fantasy
At the gateways of the day
Fuzzy-Wuzz, a little brown bear of the Sierras
Lewis and Irene
The Dalehouse murder
Isabel of Castile and the making of the Spanish nation, 1451-1504
Music after the great war, and other studies
The Foundations of Personality
A Woman of Thirty
Games for Everybody
Masters of Space: Morse and the Telegraph; Thompson and the Cable; Bell and the Telephone; Marconi and the Wireless Telegraph; Carty and the Wireless Telephone
Ireland and the Home Rule Movement
Dangerous Ages
Tabitha's Vacation
Europe—whither bound? (Quo vadis Europa?) : $b being letters of travel from the capitals of Europe in the year 1921
In the Great Steep's Garden
Collected Poems: Volume Two
The Adventures of the U-202: An Actual Narrative
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 1
Believe You Me!
Woman
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Implement sheds
Tubal Cain
Evolution
Color Cement Handicraft
I Will Maintain
Windmills and Wooden Shoes
Arizona Argonauts
The Magical Land of Noom
The Great Accident
Deirdre
Russia in 1916
The white cipher
History of a literary radical, and other essays
Tumbling river range
Shotgun gold
Black April
R. L. Stevenson : $b A critical study
The American historical novel (on American themes) before 1860 : $b the early novels of James Fenimore Cooper (1821-1831)
The Ear in the Wall
The Progressive Democracy of James M. Cox
The holiday round
The Fireside Chats of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Radio Addresses to the American People Broadcast Between 1933 and 1944
The New Ideal in Education: An Address Given Before the League of the Empire on July 16th, 1916
The War Poems of Siegfried Sassoon
The Safety Curtain, and Other Stories
Swirling Waters
All the Brothers Were Valiant
The Long Day: The Story of a New York Working Girl, as Told by Herself
Queen Victoria
The Rest Hollow Mystery
Fur Farming for Profit, with Especial Reference to Skunk Raising
The Assyrian and Hebrew Hymns of Praise
Take It from Dad
The Test of Scarlet: A Romance of Reality
Tides: A Book of Poems
The Valley of the Shadow
The Dream Coach
A Century's Progress in Astronomy
The Story of Mrs. Tubbs
Kalevan uhri: Näytelmä 4:ssä näytöksessä
Wireless Telegraphy and Telephony Simply Explained: A Practical Treatise Embracing Complete and Detailed Explanations of the Theory and Practice of Modern Radio Apparatus and Its Present Day Applications, Together With a Chapter on the Possibilities of Its Future Development
Loco or Love
The buccaneer book: Songs of the black flag
Lysistrata : $b or, Woman's future and future woman
Hike and the aeroplane
Joyce Kilmer : $b poems, essays and letters in two volumes. Volume 2, prose works
The taking of Cloudy McGee
The Epic: An Essay
The Boy Allies at Liège; Or, Through Lines of Steel
The Boy Allies in the Balkan Campaign; Or, the Struggle to Save a Nation
A Dominie in Doubt
Outline of the development of the internal commerce of the United States: 1789-1900
Jimsy: The Christmas Kid
Traffic in Souls: A Novel of Crime and Its Cure
Common Science
Rhymes and Meters: A Practical Manual for Versifiers
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 4
The Claw
More Portmanteau Plays
The Transformation of Early Christianity from an Eschatological to a Socialized Movement: A Dissertation Submitted to the Faculty of the Graduate School of Arts and Literature in Candidacy for the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy
The Egyptian campaigns, 1882 to 1885
It Pays to Smile
Slavery in Pennsylvania: A Dissertation Submitted to the Board of University Studies of the Johns Hopkins University in Conformity with the Requirements for the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy, 1910
The Boy Allies in the Baltic; Or, Through Fields of Ice to Aid the Czar
'Twixt Earth and Stars: Poems
Will Shakespeare: An Invention in Four Acts
The Lay Anthony: A Romance
The Song of Hugh Glass
Rake Knitting Patterns
Kobiety (Women): A Novel of Polish Life
The Huey Long Murder Case
China's Revolution, 1911-1912: A Historical and Political Record of the Civil War
Madeleine: One of Love's Jansenists
The Light Machine
Poultry diseases: Causes, symptoms and treatment, with notes on post-mortem examinations
College prolongs infancy
Never the twain shall meet
Venezuela
Russia in 1919
Rashi
Snake and Sword: A Novel
Suzanna stirs the fire
With Those Who Wait
Gambia
Juggernaut
Lippincott's Horn-Ashbaugh Speller For Grades One to Eight
Our Army at the Front
The Conquest: The Story of a Negro Pioneer
The Footlights, Fore and Aft
Making a Poultry House
Shorter Bible Plays
Laughing Last
The Black Moose in Pennsylvania
Huts in Hell
Sweet Clover: Growing the Crop
Joseph Haydn: Servant and Master
God's Playthings
Mendelssohn and Certain Masterworks
The Boy Apprenticed to an Enchanter
Bobbie, General Manager: A Novel
The Panama Canal
Faery Lands of the South Seas
Fun o' the Forge: Stories
My Southern Home: Or, the South and Its People
The Ordeal by Fire: By a Sergeant in the French Army
Old Houses in Holland
This Way to Christmas
The Clean Heart
Sir George Arthur and His Administration of Upper Canada
Ashes (Cenere): A Sardinian Story
Labyrinth
Bread
Dough or Dynamite
The Klan Unmasked
The story of Abraham Lincoln
The Arizona Callahan
Assignats
Annihilation
Clotelle: A Tale of the Southern States
The Firefly of France
Walking-Stick Papers
The high school failures : $b a study of the school records of pupils failing in academic or commercial high school subjects
The Texan: A Story of the Cattle Country
The Way of the Wild
The Velveteen Rabbit
Virginia of Elk Creek Valley
The Homesteaders: A Novel of the Canadian West
The Mark of the Knife
The Bibliography of Walt Whitman
The Eel
Trails Through Western Woods
My Friend Annabel Lee
Gun running for Casement in the Easter rebellion, 1916
Hints on Bobcat Trapping
Johann Sebastian Bach
The Story of the Submarine
The Fledgling
Seat Weaving
Benedetto Croce: An Introduction to His Philosophy
The Price of Coal: A Play
The Diary of a French Private: War-Imprisonment, 1914-1915
Finding Themselves: The Letters of an American Amy Chief Nurse in the British Hospital in France
Monster of the Asteroid
The Critic and the Drama
Hellenistic Sculpture
Boche and Bolshevik: Experiences of an Englishman in the German Army and in Russian Prisons
Spawn of the Desert
Christmas for Tad: A Story of Mary and Abraham Lincoln
Millions from Waste
Civilisation 1914-1918
Poine: a study in ancient Greek blood-vengeance
The exploits of Captain O'Hagan
Rusticus : $b Or, the future of the countryside
Peter Whiffle : $b His life and works
By order of Buck Brady
The thin match
Kimono
The White Road to Verdun
Ted Marsh on an Important Mission
Poppy: The Story of a South African Girl
Sun and Saddle Leather
Snowdrift: A Story of the Land of the Strong Cold
Irradiations; Sand and Spray
The Splendid Fairing
The History of the 51st (Highland) Division 1914-1918
Mollie's Substitute Husband
The Green God's Pavilion: A novel of the Philippines
Schubert and His Work
The Dark Fleece
Prince and Heretic
Mons, Anzac and Kut
Master Simon's Garden: A Story
Carpet Beetles and Their Control
The Straits Impregnable
Heliogabalus: A Buffoonery in Three Acts
Circular Saws
The Man Who Killed the World
The Forest Giant
This Troubled World
Minos of Sardanes
Gilbert Weather Bureau (Meteorology) for Boys
Ruth of the U. S. A.
Blindfold
The flame-gatherers
The valley of Arcana
Opinions
Drome
The crooked cross
Forty-Two Poems
Mother: A Story
Constance Dunlap
The Boy Allies at Jutland; Or, The Greatest Naval Battle of History
The Wonderful Bed
Three Centuries of a City Library: an Historical and Descriptive Account of the Norwich Public Library Established in 1608 and the present Public Library opened in 1857
Scotland Yard: The methods and organisation of the Metropolitan Police
Book Repair and Restoration: A Manual of Practical Suggestions for Bibliophiles
Tommy Wideawake
Dorothy Dixon Wins Her Wings
The Air Mystery of Isle La Motte
The Boy Allies with the Terror of the Seas; Or, The Last Shot of Submarine D-16
Wawenock Myth Texts from Maine: Forty-third Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1925-26, Government Printing Office, Washington, 1928, pages 165-198
The Lonesome Trail
Songs of Three Counties, and Other Poems
Boswell the Biographer
A Strike in Santa Land: A Play in One Act
Sweet and Twenty: A Comedy in One Act
Australia at War: A Winter Record Made by Will Dyson on the Somme and at Ypres, During the Campaigns of 1916 and 1917
Mark Tidd, Manufacturer
Russian Portraits
The Frontiers of Language and Nationality in Europe
The Desert Healer
Maradick at Forty: A Transition
Og—Son of Fire
Chinook, the Cinnamon Cub
The White Kami: A Novel
Race Distinctions in American Law
The Man Who Saved the Earth
The Samovar Girl
The Inquisition : $b a political and military study of its establishment
The doom trail
Woman : $b a vindication
Gold : $b A play in four acts
He swallows gold
Nets to Catch the Wind
The Boy Allies Under the Sea; Or, The Vanishing Submarines
Broken Homes: A Study of Family Desertion and its Social Treatment
The Communist Threat in the Taiwan Area
Apple Growing
Stubble
The Heart of the Rose
Jewish Immigration to the United States from 1881 to 1910: Studies in History, Economics and Public Law, Vol. LIX, No. 4, 1914
Poems, 1916-1918
Walking Shadows: Sea Tales and Others
Beauty and the Beast: An Essay in Evolutionary Aesthetic
The Airedale
With a Reservist in France: A Personal Account of All the Engagements in Which the 1st Division 1st Corps Took Part, viz.: Mons (Including the Retirement), the Marne, the Aisne, First Battle of Ypres, Neuve Chapelle, Festubert, and Loos
The King Country; or, Explorations in New Zealand: A Narrative of 600 Miles of Travel Through Maoriland.
The Scaring off of Teddy Dawson: A Comedy in One Act
The Pool of Stars
With Poor Immigrants to America
The Torch-Bearers: A Satirical Comedy in Three Acts
Zarah the Cruel
Sewerage and Sewage Treatment
Sweet Clover: Harvesting and Thrashing the Seed Crop
Forgers and Forgeries
Bearly Reasonable
Sorrow in Sunlight
A Man-Sized Pet
Bigfoot Joe, and Others: Figments of Fancy
Through the mill: The life of a mill-boy
The Spanish farm
Down the Mother Lode
I Spy
The Devil's Admiral
The Nine-Tenths
Carolina Chansons: Legends of the Low Country
The Challenge of the North
The Finding of Haldgren
The Next Step in Religion: An Essay toward the Coming Renaissance
The Mammals of Warren Woods, Berrien County, Michigan: Occasional Paper of the Museum of Zoology, Number 86
Dick's Desertion: A Boy's Adventures in Canadian Forests: A Tale of the Early Settlement of Ontario
The Sacred Egoism of Sinn Féin
A Lonely Flute
The Calendar, and Other Verses
The Boy Allies on the North Sea Patrol: Or, Striking the First Blow at the German Fleet
Types of canoes on Puget Sound
The Widowing of Mrs. Holroyd: A Drama in Three Acts
Striped Coat, the Skunk
The Pirate of Jasper Peak
My American Diary
The Margenes
Nacha Regules
Scenes and Portraits
Evered
As Other Men Are
The gray brotherhood
Betty at St. Benedick's : $b A school story for girls
Rogues and vagabonds
Theodore Roosevelt
Guy Garrick
Little Miss By-The-Day
Stories of the Prophets (Before the Exile)
Counter-Attack and Other Poems
History and Comprehensive Description of Loudoun County, Virginia
When the Yule Log Burns: A Christmas Story
Blue Aloes: Stories of South Africa
The New Land: Stories of Jews Who Had a Part in the Making of Our Country
The Black Phantom
Working With the Working Woman
A Book Without a Title
The King of Alsander
Yonder
Decorative Art of Indian Tribes of Connecticut
Fighting the Boche Underground
Through the Gates of Old Romance
The Silence of Colonel Bramble
Peter Paragon: A Tale of Youth
A Dominie Dismissed
Vagabonding Through Changing Germany
Peter Jameson: A Modern Romance
Flytraps and Their Operation [1921]
The Three Lovers
The Nurse in Greek Life
Blood Transfusion
Tolstoy's interpretation of money and property
The Cross and the Hammer: A Tale of the Days of the Vikings
Indians of the Enchanted Desert
The hollow lens
Beautiful end
The Navy eternal : $b which is the Navy-that-Floats, the Navy-that-Flies and the Navy-under-the-Sea
The inverted pyramid
The world war : $b a history of the nations and empires involved and a study of the events culminating in the great conflict
The Rich Mrs. Burgoyne
The New Book of Martyrs
A Study in Tinguian Folk-Lore
Greatheart
A Student in Arms: Second Series
The Cow Puncher
Riviera Towns
Mummery: A Tale of Three Idealists
The Torch Bearer
Thirty
Songs of the Prairie
The challenge of the dead : $b A vision of the war and the life of the common soldier in France, seen two years afterwards between August and November, 1920
Mother Goose's Teddy Bears
Lanagan, Amateur Detective
Plain Tales of the North
Rodent Control Aided by Emergency Conservation Work
War Prisoner Money and Medals
Sidelights on Negro Soldiers
Playing Safe in Piperock
The blackest page in modern history: Events in Armenia in 1915: the facts and the responsibilities
Angelica
When the movies were young
Cat o' mountain
Education and living
In the tiger's lair
In the Bad Lands
Linda Condon
The Way of an Eagle
Secret Bread
Wee Peter Pug: The Story of a Bit of Mischief and What Came of It
Mufti
Isle o' Dreams
Eve to the Rescue
Bib Ballads
Government Documents in Small Libraries: Reprinted from Report of Board of Library Commissioners of Ohio for the Year ending November 15, 1909.
The Education of Eric Lane
The Phantom Lover
The Wilderness Trail
The Boy Allies with the Cossacks; Or, A Wild Dash over the Carpathians
Across the Prairie in a Motor Caravan: A 3,000 Mile Tour by Two Englishwomen on Behalf of Religious Education
The Adventures of Seumas Beg; The Rocky Road to Dublin
The Rise of the Dutch Kingdom, 1795-1813: A Short Account of the Early Development of the Modern Kingdom of the Netherlands
The Girl from the Big Horn Country
A Manual for Teaching Biblical History
Dorothy Dixon Solves the Conway Case
The Master of Stair
Mediaeval Church Vaulting
The Battle of Wavre and Grouchy's Retreat: A study of an Obscure Part of the Waterloo Campaign
The Glebe 1914/03 (Vol. 1, No. 6): Erna Vitek
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 6
Why Authors Go Wrong, and Other Explanations
Fombombo
The Color of His Boots
Dirty Work for Doughgod
Upside Down or Backwards
The Cruise of the Pelican
The Red Vineyard
A political pilgrim in Europe
Passed by the censor : $b The experience of an American newspaper man in France
The valley of lost herds
Too much progress for Piperock
The Adventures of a Boy Reporter
The Obstacle Race
Consanguineous Marriages in the American Population
The Golden Scarecrow
The Deaf: Their Position in Society and the Provision for Their Education in the United States
Old Mr. Wiley
The Chickens of Fowl Farm
Mystery at Geneva: An Improbable Tale of Singular Happenings
The Beggar Man
The Long Arm
Sonnets from the Patagonian
Religious Folk-Songs of the Southern Negroes
The Mentor: The Incas, vol. 6, num. 3, Serial No. 151, March 15, 1918
The Heart of Cherry McBain: A Novel
Some Stories of Old Ironsides
Women I'm Not Married To
The Good Englishwoman
Timber-Wolf
The Sworn Brothers: A Tale of the Early Days of Iceland
Summer of Love
The Hunt Pack
Clubfoot the Avenger: Being some further adventures of Desmond Oakwood, of the Secret Service
Psychology and Copper
Cinders
Wise Men and a Mule
Peru: a land of contrast
Invincible Minnie
Gas and flame in modern warfare
Caprice
The English of military communications
Continental stagecraft
Star-Dust: A Story of an American Girl
Making the House a Home
Civilization and Beyond: Learning from History
Judith of the Godless Valley
Captivity
The Cat in Grandfather's House
A Mountain Boyhood
My Brave and Gallant Gentleman: A Romance of British Columbia
The Plants of Michigan: Simple Keys for the Identification of the Native Seed Plants of the State
A Century of Emblems
Buddhism in the Modern World
Race Improvement; or, Eugenics: A Little Book on a Great Subject
My Escape from Donington Hall, Preceded by an Account of the Siege of Kiao-Chow in 1915
Ten Dollars Enough: Keeping House Well on Ten Dollars a Week: How It Has Been Done; How It May Be Done Again
The British Army from Within
Uncle Sam's Right Arm: A Patriotic Exercise
In a Toy Shop: A Christmas Play for Small Children
A Madcap Cruise
Adventures of the Teenie Weenies
Leave it to Doris
Seeing Lincoln
The Lands of the Tamed Turk; or, the Balkan States of to-day: A narrative of travel through Servia, Bulgaria, Montenegro, Dalmatia and the recently acquired Austrian provinces of Bosnia and the Herzegovina; with observations of the peoples, their races, creeds, institutions and politics, and of the geographical, historical and commercial aspects of the several countries
Base-ball Ballads
On the Borderland
The Last Laugh
The Wilderness Trail
The book of earth
My twin puppies
The trumpet in the dust
The Wishing Carpet
Cobra
Alias Santa Claus : $b A play for Christmas
Learning to fly in the U.S. Army : $b a manual of aviation practice
Tumbleweeds
Rhythm rides the rocket
The soul of Henry Jones
Lord Byron as a satirist in verse
The Verse of Alfred Lichtenstein
The Top of the World
The Dark House
Leonie of the Jungle
The Plunderer
Stand By! Naval Sketches and Stories
Flash-lights from the Seven Seas
The Flying Mercury
The Coyote: A Western Story
Coquette
A New Hylid Frog from Eastern Mexico.: University of Kansas Publication, Vol 1, No 15
Rebel Verses
Reading the Weather
The Comet, and Other Verses
Mark Tidd in Business
A Sheaf of Verses: Poems
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Coningsby Dawson
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Edna Ferber
Space-Wolf
The Heart's Domain
Blotted Out
Double Crossed
Palkkapiian päiväkirja: Romaaninovelli
Personality of plants
Mirrors of Moscow
Canada in war-paint
"Broken Music"
The lost oases
The confessions of a well-meaning woman
Easy money
The glory of the Pharaohs
With my regiment : $b From the Aisne to La Bassée
The War Terror
The Film Mystery
Tramping Through Mexico, Guatemala and Honduras: Being the Random Notes of an Incurable Vagabond
The Old Gray Homestead
With British Guns in Italy: A Tribute to Italian Achievement
The Last Reformation
The southern cross : $b A play in four acts
Here are Ladies
The Heart of Arethusa
The Long Trick
Newspaper Reporting and Correspondence: A Manual for Reporters, Correspondents, and Students of Newspaper Writing
In the Musgrave Ranges
One Way
Arthur Machen: A Novelist of Ecstasy and Sin: With Two Uncollected Poems by Arthur Machen
Trooper Bluegum at the Dardanelles: Descriptive Narratives of the More Desperate Engagements on the Gallipoli Peninsula
The Soul of the Soldier: Sketches from the Western Battle-Front
The Little House
Submarines, Mines and Torpedoes in the War
The Donkey, the Elephant, and the Goat at a Public Meeting
London at Night: A sketch-book
Dream-Songs for the Belovèd
The Story of the Highland Regiments
The Sense of Taste
Captain Lucy and Lieutenant Bob
The Passing Throng
How to Enamel: Being a Treatise on the Practical Enameling of Jewelry with Hard Enamels
Discovery at Aspen
The Black Panther: A book of poems
Christmas at Monticello with Thomas Jefferson
Archangel: The American War with Russia
Against the Tide
The Meccas of the World: The Play of Modern Life in New York, Paris, Vienna, Madrid and London
Bob Bowen Comes to Town
The Trail of Death
Two fares east
Dream tapestries
Mary Christmas
Spears of destiny : $b A story of the first capture of Constantinople
My dear Cornelia
A lady and her husband
The black Flemings
Electricity
Canaries : $b their care and management
The Star Woman
Messer Marco Polo
The Romance of Elaine: Sequel to "Exploits of Elaine"
Keineth
Our Elizabeth: A Humour Novel
The Branding Iron
The Free Range
Descriptions of Three New Birds from the Belgian Congo: Bulletin of the AMNH , Vol. XXXIV, Art. XVI, pp. 509-513, Oct. 20th, 1915
Practical Cinematography and Its Applications
The Boy Allies with Pershing in France; Or, Over the Top at Chateau Thierry
London: A Sketch-Book
Mightier than the Sword
The Hill of Adventure
Natalie Page
The Owls' House
Revolt in the Ice Empire
Christmas in Spain; or, Mariquita's Day of Rejoicing
Dogs Always Know
The Old Card
The Negro and the nation
The keeper of Red Horse Pass
Modern Icelandic Plays: Eyvind of the Hills; The Hraun Farm
Six days of the Irish Republic: A Narrative and Critical Account of the Latest Phase of Irish Politics
John and Betty's History Visit
Handbook of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts: With 143 Illustrations
Carlsbad Caverns National Park, New Mexico: The Story of its Early Explorations, as told by Jim White
A Party in Mother Goose Land: A One Act Play for Primary Children
Cambridge: A Sketch-Book
Isle of Wight: A Sketch-Book
Catcher Craig
Captain Lucy in France
Anglo-Saxon Solidarity
The Grey Wave
Rue and Roses
Making Good for Muley
The Worst Joke in the World
Forest Friends
Poetic diction: A study of eighteenth century verse
The end of the house of Alard
Through Bolshevik Russia
Hidden blood
Travels in the Upper Egyptian deserts
Slipstream: the autobiography of an air craftsman
Vagabonds of the sea : $b The campaign of a French cruiser
The man on the meteor
Stammering, its cause and cure
The Centralia Conspiracy
The Land of Deepening Shadow: Germany-at-War
The Boy Allies on the Firing Line; Or, Twelve Days Battle Along the Marne
Soldier silhouettes on our front
The noble lord : $b a comedy in one act
The Priest's Tale - Père Etienne: From "The New Decameron", Volume III.
Bay: A Book of Poems
The Blue Germ
The Innocent Adventuress
Murder Point: A Tale of Keewatin
The Underpup
Eidola
The Last Straw
Captain Calamity
Ada, the Betrayed; Or, The Murder at the Old Smithy. A Romance of Passion
Canterbury: A Sketch Book
Working my Way Around the World
John Galsworthy
Battles & Bivouacs: A French soldier's note-book
Angels' Shoes, and Other Stories
Henry James at Work
Christmas in Sweden; or, A festival of light
Her Christmas at the Hermitage: A Tale About Rachel and Andrew Jackson
Gloucestershire Friends: Poems From a German Prison Camp
Three years of war in East Africa
Beyond the wall
Bluffer's luck
The day's play
Contraband
The Yellow Streak
The Blood Ship
The Age of the Reformation
Chamber Music
Men of Affairs
Mr. Faust
The Sylvan Cabin: A Centenary Ode on the Birth of Lincoln, and Other Verse
Spectra: A Book of Poetic Experiments
The Monk of Hambleton
An Outline of Sexual Morality
Neighbours
Notes on the Mammals of Gogebic and Ontonagon Counties, Michigan, 1920: Occasional Papers of the Museum of Zoology, Number 109
The Argentine as a Market
Consumers and Wage-Earners: The Ethics of Buying Cheap
Airplane Boys in the Black Woods
Coal and Candlelight, and Other Verses
The Governor of England
Round the Corner: Being the Life and Death of Francis Christopher Folyat, Bachelor of Divinity, and Father of a Large Family
Airplane Boys Discover the Secrets of Cuzco
Bird Houses, Baths and Feeding Shelters: How to Make and Where to Place Them
The Sheriff of Pecos
The Moth Decides: A Novel
American Beer: Glimpses of Its History and Description of Its Manufacture
By-ways on Service: Notes from an Australian Journal
Letters From an Old Time Salesman to His Son
The Bride of Huitzil—An Aztec Legend
Myths and Folk-lore of the Timiskaming Algonquin and Timagami Ojibwa
John Solomon—Supercargo
Windmills: A book of fables
The Abbey of St. Albans from 1300 to the dissolution of the monasteries : $b The Stanhope essay, 1911
A text-book on hygiene and pediatrics from a chiropractic standpoint
The Misuse of Mind
Synthetic Tannins, Their Synthesis, Industrial Production and Application
The Misses Mallett (The Bridge Dividing)
English Literature: Modern
The Boy Allies with the Victorious Fleets; Or, The Fall of the German Navy
Lydia of the Pines
Facing the German Foe
Shelled by an Unseen Foe
Elements of Foreign Exchange: A Foreign Exchange Primer
Poems - Second Series
Detectives, Inc.: A Mystery Story for Boys
Learning to Be a Schoolmaster
The Dardanelles: Colour Sketches From Gallipoli
Technic and Practice of Chiropractic
From Convent to Conflict; Or, A Nun's Account of the Invasion of Belgium
Airplane Boys at Platinum River
A Chronicle of Jails
Gypsy and Ginger
Odette: A Fairy Tale for Weary People
The White Heart of Mojave: An Adventure with the Outdoors of the Desert
Saints in Sussex
The Oversight
The Passing of Morocco
Polaris and the Goddess Glorian
An Art Shop in Greenwich Village
Portuguese portraits
Moo cow tales
Americans by adoption : $b Brief biographies of great citizens born in foreign lands
Poppy Ott and the galloping snail
My four weeks in France
Gold of the Gods
The Emancipatrix
Youth Challenges
Bob Cook and the German Spy
The Primrose Ring
The Desert Valley
The House of Toys
The Rose-Jar
The Irish Constitution: Explained by Darrell Figgis
Virginia: A Tragedy, and Other Poems
A Prisoner in Turkey
The World of H.G. Wells
The Story of Doctor Johnson; Being an Introduction to Boswell's Life
Polite Satires: Containing The Unknown Hand, The Volcanic Island, Square Pegs
A Thanksgiving Dream: A One Act Play for Primary Children
Garside's Career: A Comedy in Four Acts
The Gyroscopic Compass: A Non-Mathematical Treatment
The Choir School of St. Bede's
The Log of the Ark, by Noah; Hieroglypics by Ham
Downstream
Moslem and Frank;: or, Charles Martel and the rescue of Europe from the threatened yoke of the Saracens
The Ways of War
Pictorial Beauty on the Screen
Hidden Country
The Gary Schools
The lonely plough
Women of the war
Immigration : $b A world movement and its American significance
The Song Book of Quong Lee of Limehouse
Hadda Pada
The Everlasting Whisper
Duty, and Other Irish Comedies
My Home in the Field of Honor
Simon Called Peter
England Over Seas
The Three Black Pennys: A Novel
His Second Wife
Flag of the Free
Moor Fires
A tall ship on other naval occasions
Louisiana Lou: A Western Story
Under Fire For Servia
A Star for a Night: A Story of Stage Life
Poems of London, and Other Verses
The Secret Victory
Twenty Years of Spoof and Bluff
The Cities of the Sun: Stories of Ancient America founded on historical incidents in the Book of Mormon
Poems
Notes on Diseases of Swine, Sheep, Poultry and the Dog: Cause, Symptoms and Treatments
The Island Camp
The Mud Larks
The Fair Rewards
Notes on Veterinary Anatomy
Misinforming a Nation
The Perfect World: A romance of strange people and strange places
Sweet Clover: Utilization
The Peacock Feather: A Romance
Christmas at Sagamore Hill with Theodore Roosevelt
All Wool
Reputation
The Right Thing
A Personal Problem
Sun Hunting: Adventures and Observations Among the Native and Migratory Tribes of Florida, Including the Stoical Time-Killers of Palm Beach, the Gentle and Gregarious Tin-Canners of the Remote Interior, and the Vivacious and Semi-Violent Peoples of Miami and Its Purlieus
The flying chance
The wiser folly
Bird's nest, a fantasy in one act
Harilek : $b A romance
Into the blue
The Devolutionist and the Emancipatrix
Your Child: Today and Tomorrow: Some Problems for Parents Concerning Punishment, Reasoning, Lies, Ideals and Ambitions, Fear, Work and Play, Imagination, Social Activities, Obedience, Adolescence, Will, Heredity
Hidden Creek
A Volunteer Poilu
Profiles from China: Sketches in Free Verse of People and Things Seen in the Interior
Some Current Folk-Songs of the Negro
The "Ayesha," being the adventures of the landing squad of the "Emden"
The Fool: A Play in Four Acts
Tales from a Famished Land: Including The White Island—A Story of the Dardanelles
History of the Beef Cattle Industry in Illinois
Head of the Lower School
The Man with the Iron Hand
The Love-Story of Aliette Brunton
Cecilia of the Pink Roses
The Legend of Monte della Sibilla; or, Le paradis de la reine Sibille
"The Murderous Tyranny of the Turks"
Guide to the Bayeux tapestry
The Big Idea
The Marriage of William Durrant
The Thing Beyond Reason
Victorian Poetry
With the movie makers
Glad ghosts
The case against evolution
Sahara
Oxford and the Rhodes Scholarships
The Native Born; or, the Rajah's People
The Bars of Iron
In the Claws of the German Eagle
Driftwood Spars: The Stories of a Man, a Boy, a Woman, and Certain Other People Who Strangely Met Upon the Sea of Life
The Boy Allies in Great Peril; Or, With the Italian Army in the Alps
Buffalo Roost: A Story of a Young Men's Christian Association Boys' Department
Pung Chow: The Game of a Hundred Intelligences. Also known as Mah-Diao, Mah-Jong, Mah-Cheuk, Mah-Juck and Pe-Ling
Fire Mountain: A Thrilling Sea Story
Polaris of the Snows
Inorganic Plant Poisons and Stimulants
No. 13 Toroni: A Mystery
Fresh Every Hour: Detailing the Adventures, Comic and Pathetic of One Jimmy Martin, Purveyor of Publicity, a Young Gentleman Possessing Sublime Nerve, Whimsical Imagination, Colossal Impudence, and, Withal, the Heart of a Child.
Battlewrack
Footlights
The Art and the Romance of Indian Basketry: Clark Field Collection, Philbrook Art Center, Tulsa, 1964
The Glebe 1914/09 (Vol. 2, No. 2): Poems
South-West Africa
Ajax, for example
Orpheus; or, The music of the future
Beyond the sunset
The unlit lamp : $b A study in inter-actions
Corduroy
The film : $b Its use in popular education
The prior claim
The crime at Vanderlynden's
Early German music in Philadelphia
For Greater Things: The Story of Saint Stanislaus Kostka
Touch and Go: A Play in Three Acts
Undertow
Giant Hours with Poet Preachers
Potterism: A Tragi-Farcical Tract
The Boy Allies in the Trenches; Or, Midst Shot and Shell Along the Aisne
Mary Minds Her Business
Don Strong, Patrol Leader
Bright-Wits, Prince of Mogadore
I've Married Marjorie
The Blue Wall: A Story of Strangeness and Struggle
Two Fishers, and Other Poems
Cape Breton Tales
A Report upon the Mollusk Fisheries of Massachusetts
The Love Chase
The Cure of Rupture by Paraffin Injections
The Mentor: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Vol. 6, Num. 9, Serial No. 157, June 15, 1918
A Schoolmaster's Diary: Being Extracts from the Journal of Patrick Traherne, M.A., Sometime Assistant Master at Radchester and Marlton.
The Seekers
Bruges: A Sketch-Book
The Vigil of Brunhild: A Narrative Poem
Notes on Diseases of Cattle: Cause, Symptoms and Treatment
The Glebe 1913/09 (Vol. 1, No. 1): Songs, Sighs and Curses
The Teenie Weenies in the Wildwood
The Sundered Streams: The History of a Memory That Had No Full Stops
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 3
Du Bose Heyward: A Critical and Biographical Sketch
Bees, Shown to the Children
Shepherds for Science
The sinking of the Titanic, and other poems
Exploration of Aïr : $b Out of the world north of Nigeria
Poppy Ott's pedigreed pickles
The consumer viewpoint : $b covering vital phases of manufacturing and selling household devices
The Heart of the Desert (Kut-Le of the Desert)
Benefits Forgot: A Story of Lincoln and Mother Love
God's Green Country: A Novel of Canadian Rural Life
The Toxicity of Caffein: An experimental study on different species of animals
White Wolf's Law: A Western Story
The Ways of a Worker of a Century Ago: as Shown by the Diary of Joseph Lye, Shoemaker
How Rifleman Brown Came to Valhalla
Bristol: A Sketch Book
Newfoundland Verse
Ireland in Travail
Farewell
Fairy Tales for Workers' Children
Tales of the Air Mail Pilots
The Conquest
Jerry Todd and the Talking Frog
My twin kitties
Stories of Christmas and the Bowie knife
When Day is Done
The Lee Shore
Captain Macedoine's Daughter
After Two Nights of the Ear-ache
Owen's Fortune; Or, "Durable Riches"
The Black Diamond
Catty Atkins, Sailorman
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Hugh Walpole
Wireless Possibilities
Out of the Woods
Charles Robert Maturin: His Life and Works
Through the school: The experiences of a mill boy in securing an education
The crimp
Muckle John
Pride and Passion: Robert Burns, 1759-1796
The ritual and significance of the Winnebago medicine dance
When the tree flowered : $b An authentic tale of the old Sioux world
The shotgun princess
The unpretenders
The Poisoned Pen
Preludes 1921-1922
Poems New and Old
South with Scott
The New World
The Boy Scout Fire Fighters
The Tempers
The Doors of Death
The Radicalism of Shelley and Its Sources
Caught by the Turks
Excursions in Victorian Bibliography
Two Mothers
The Dolls on Dress Parade
Graft: A Comedy in Four Acts
The Red Light of Mars; or, A Day in the Life of the Devil: A Philosophical Comedy
The Witch-Maid, & Other Verses
Tactics and duties for trench fighting
The Adventures of Diggeldy Dan
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 5
Pelican Pool: A Novel
William Morris: A Critical Study
The Treasure of the Bucoleon
With the Guns
Look to the Stars
Tales of the clipper ships
That's Not Love
Robert Burns: A play
Public opinion and the teaching of history in the United States
The Boy Allies with Uncle Sam's Cruisers
Wild Wings: A Romance of Youth
Broken to the Plow: A Novel
Letters of a Soldier, 1914-1915
The Shepherd of the North
The Deluge, and Other Poems
Commander Lawless V.C. : $b being the further adventures of Frank H. Lawless, until recently a Lieutenant in His Majesty's Navy
Chapters on the History of the Southern Pacific
Rogues' Haven
Notes on Diseases of the Horse: Cause, Symptoms and Treatment
Bill Bolton and the Flying Fish
A Gloucestershire Lad at Home and Abroad
The unlit lamp
Rodeo
The Second Honeymoon
Command
Poems
Societies of the Kiowas
Square Pegs: A Rhymed Fantasy For Two Girls
Ampleforth College: A Sketch-Book
Norwich: A Sketch Book
The Coal Measures Amphibia of North America
Stories Pictures Tell. Book 7
Matthew Fontaine Maury, the Pathfinder of the Seas
The Bravest Girl in School
State of the Union Addresses
The Boy Allies under Two Flags
Rada: A Drama of War in One Act
Spring Morning
"Strictly Business"
Falcon, of Squawtooth : $b A western story
Of holy disobedience
Birth Control: A Statement of Christian Doctrine against the Neo-Malthusians
The Loyalist: A Story of the American Revolution
Liverpool
Municipal Housecleaning: The Methods and Experiences of American Cities in Collecting and Disposing of Their Municipal Wastes—Ashes, Rubbish, Garbage, Manure, Sewage, and Street Refuse
Gay gods and merry mortals: some excursions in verse
The Seven Ages of Woman
Keeban
Wampum and Old Gold
Lady Rum-Di-Doodle-Dum's Children
The Valley of Content
The Eternal Maiden
Martyred Armenia
To Love
Rope
Death Points a Finger
The Miracle Songs of Jesus
"The Santa Fe Trail," and Other Poems
Chester: A Sketch-Book
The Passing of Mars: A Modern Morality Play
Poems
A Treatise on Regional Iodine Therapy for the Veterinary Clinician
Medical symbolism in connection with historical studies in the arts of healing and hygiene
An Englishwoman's adventures in the German lines
Perpetual Light : a memorial
The Rocks of Valpré
The Bay and Padie Book: Kiddie Songs
Our Wonderful Selves
To-morrow and to-morrow ... a novel
Christmas in Chicago
Home-made cider vinegar
Thicker than water : $b a story of Hashknife Hartley
Religious Reality: A Book for Men
The Tragic Bride
Three Young Pioneers: A Story of the Early Settlement of Our Country
Post Exchange Methods: A Manual for Exchange Stewards, Exchange Officers, Members of Exchange Councils, Commanding Officers, Being an Exposition of a Simple and Efficient System of Accounting Which Is Applicable to Large and to Small Exchanges Alike.
Turkey Raising
The Almond in California
The Negro in Tennessee, 1790-1865
Masks, with Jim's beast, Tides, Among the lions, The reason, The house: one act plays of contemporary life
The Voyage of the Hoppergrass
The Log of the Empire State
Deep Furrows
Red Ben, the Fox of Oak Ridge
The Crescent Moon
Streets, and Other Verses
New Brooms
Rhymes of a child's world: a book of verse for children
Victorious life studies
The Treasure
Vellenaux: A Novel
Ships in Harbour
Poems
Burritt College Centennial Celebration, August 13-15, 1948: Address by Charles Lee Lewis
Harrow: A Sketch Book
Hawkins-Davison Houses, Frederica, St. Simons Island, Georgia
A Prevaricated Parade
The glue book : $b How to select, prepare and use glue
The Log of a Noncombatant
Hidden from the Prudent: The 7th William Penn Lecture, May 8, 1921
Soft Candy for Bees
Forest Pictures in the Adirondacks
The Importance of Marking Historic Spots, an Address
The little country theater
The Trail of Black Hawk
London Sonnets
Chaucer's Official Life
Every Man for Himself
Wanderlust
The Hoofs of Pegasus
Pneumatic conveying
The Settling of the Sage
The things which belong—
Shylock reasons with Mr. Chesterton, and other poems
Constantino Brumidi, Michelangelo of the United States Capitol
Rhymes of the Survey and Frontier
The Cruise of the Catalpa: A Poem
The Manufacture of Tomato Products: Including whole tomato pulp or puree, tomato catsup, chili sauce, tomato soup, trimming pulp
British Policy in the Illinois Country, 1763-1768
The sons of Kai : $b The story the Indian told
London street games
Ancient Egyptian legends
Kittens : $b A family chronicle
The Great Gatsby
The First Book of Adam and Eve
The murder of Roger Ackroyd
The Mysterious Affair at Styles
Millions of cats
The Sun Also Rises
This Side of Paradise
The Murder on the Links
Poirot Investigates
The Pursuit of God
R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots): A Fantastic Melodrama in Three Acts and an Epilogue
The call of Cthulhu
The mystery of the Blue Train
Children of No Man's Land
The heart of London
The Man in the Brown Suit
The Secret Adversary
Thrasymachus : $b or, The future of morals
Autobiography of a Yogi
Wales
The Beautiful and Damned
The Big Four
Minute Mysteries [Detectograms]
The Box-Car Children
The Secret of Chimneys
Cane
Flappers and Philosophers
At the mountains of madness
Men without women
A reversion to type
Murder at Bridge
The Life and Beauties of Fanny Fern
The Dunwich Horror
The Missing Will
Whose Body? A Lord Peter Wimsey Novel
The Plymouth Express Affair
The Hunter's Lodge Case
In our time
The colour out of space
The shadow over Innsmouth
Three Stories & Ten Poems
Three Soldiers
Triplanetary
The History of Ink, Including Its Etymology, Chemistry, and Bibliography
Tales of the Jazz Age
The Wright Brothers' Engines and Their Design
Just—William
Crystallizing Public Opinion
Anguish Languish
The Oxford Circus: A Novel of Oxford and Youth
Unnatural death
Clouds of witness
Terribly Intimate Portraits
Lord Peter views the body
A Middle English Vocabulary, Designed for use with Sisam's Fourteenth Century Verse & Prose
First Lensman
Crome Yellow
Young People's Pride: A Novel
The case of Charles Dexter Ward
A Parody Outline of History: Wherein May Be Found a Curiously Irreverent Treatment of American Historical Events, Imagining Them as They Would Be Narrated by America's Most Characteristic Contemporary Authors
The bridge of San Luis Rey
Spirits in Bondage: A Cycle of Lyrics
Us and the Bottle Man
Minstrel Weather
How it feels to be colored me
The Sin of Monsieur Pettipon, and other humorous tales
On the Margin: Notes and Essays
The unpleasantness at the Bellona Club
A history of English literature : $b A practical text-book
The Shunned House
A handbook of laboratory glass-blowing
Crome Yellow
This Side of Paradise
Lawrence and the Arabs
Galactic Patrol
Perfect Behavior: A Guide for Ladies and Gentlemen in All Social Crises
The Street of the Eye : $b and nine other tales
Love Potions Through the Ages: A Study of Amatory Devices and Mores
The History of the Catnach Press: at Berwick-Upon-Tweed, Alnwick and Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, in Northumberland, and Seven Dials, London
A Spring Harvest
The Haunted Bookshop
The Leardo Map of the World, 1452 or 1453: In the Collections of the American Geographical Society
Company B, 307th Infantry: Its history, honor roll, company roster, Sept., 1917, May, 1919
Writings in the United Amateur, 1915-1922
U.S. Marine Operations in Korea, 1950-1953, Volume 3 (of 5): The Chosin Reservoir Campaign
Poems
The Blue Star
The Practice of Autosuggestion
Wrestling and Wrestlers: Biographical Sketches of Celebrated Athletes of the Northern Ring; to Which is Added Notes on Bull and Badger Baiting
Poems
Radio razz
The Galaxy Primes
Moonlight and moonshine
The Use of Ropes and Tackle
Manhattan Transfer
A drunk man looks at the thistle
The Skylark of Space
Principles of literary criticism
Poet To His Love
Lolly Willowes : $b or, the loving huntsman
A Jewish Chaplain in France
The Enormous Room
Young Adventure: A Book of Poems
Lady into Fox
Phallic Worship: A description of the mysteries of the sex worship of the ancients, with the history of the masculine cross. An account of primitive symbolism, Hebrew phallicism, bacchic festivals, sexual rites, and the mysteries of the ancient faiths.
Skylark Three
The Red Battle Flyer
The thing on the door-step
Second stage Lensmen
"Gentlemen prefer blondes" : $b The illuminating diary of a professional lady
The horror at Red Hook
The Lost King of Oz
The Flying Saucers are Real
Gunman's Reckoning
Catalogue of the Retrospective Loan Exhibition of European Tapestries
The Camp Fire Girls Solve a Mystery; Or, The Christmas Adventure at Carver House
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Aldous Huxley
In the line of duty
Joan of the Journal
Limbo
Gray Lensman
Parnassus on Wheels
The Loom of Youth
Spacehounds of IPC
365 bedtime stories
Jerry's Charge Account
The Star-Treader, and other poems
Child Whispers
The silver key
The Seventh Man
More William
Enough rope: poems
Medusa's coil
Pipefuls
All the Sad Young Men
Antic Hay
The festival
The River-Names of Europe
With Lawrence in Arabia
Space Nomads: Meteorites in Sky, Field, and Laboratory
Dymer
The haunter of the dark
The Construction of the Small House: A Simple and Useful Source of Information of the Methods of Building Small American Homes, for Anyone Planning to Build
Synthesis of 2-methyl-4-selenoquinazolone, 2-phenylbenzoselenazole, and its derivatives: Dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Faculty of Pure Science of Columbia University
The Little Spanish Dancer
Through the gates of the silver key
The Camp Fire Girls at Onoway House; Or, The Magic Garden
Aria da Capo
Masters of Space
The Red Dust
The Forgotten Planet
Triplanetary
The mule-bone : $b a comedy of Negro life in three acts
The Burning Wheel
Papers from Lilliput
Open That Door!
Children of the lens
The Aliens
Stories and Ballads of the Far Past: Translated from the Norse (Icelandic and Faroese) with Introductions and Notes
The Diary of a U-boat Commander: With an Introduction and Explanatory Notes by Etienne
The Book of Cats: A Chit-chat Chronicle of Feline Facts and Fancies, Legendary, Lyrical, Medical, Mirthful and Miscellaneous
Riders of the Silences
Kari the elephant
The Seven Lively Arts
Cool air
Living Alone
William—the fourth
Astounding Stories of Super-Science April 1930
Texas Flowers in Natural Colors
A Company of Tanks
Fairies and Fusiliers
The Bonadventure: A Random Journal of an Atlantic Holiday
The Camp Fire Girls' Larks and Pranks; Or, The House of the Open Door
Mortal Coils
The lurking fear
The curse of Yig
A good woman
Physiology of the Opera
Molly Bawn
Third Planet
Handbook to the Mennonite Hymnary
Rivals of the clouds
The Cowardly Lion of Oz
Is Tomorrow Hitler's? 200 Questions on the Battle of Mankind
The mother
Sand Doom
The Lhota Nagas
The skipper knows best
The Diary of a Resurrectionist, 1811-1812: To Which Are Added an Account of the Resurrection Men in London and a Short History of the Passing of the Anatomy Act
Up the Mazaruni for Diamonds
Gettysburg National Military Park, Pennsylvania
Still—William
Gargoyles
The Blower of Bubbles
Med Ship Man
Nightmare Planet
Man of Many Minds
The worship of the Church, and the beauty of holiness
On English Poetry: Being an Irregular Approach to the Psychology of This Art, from Evidence Mainly Subjective
William again
Benighted
"Brother Bosch", an Airman's Escape from Germany
The Return of the Soldier
20 hrs., 40 min. : $b our flight in the Friendship : the American girl, first across the Atlantic by air, tells her story
Boys' Book of Model Boats
A Book
The quest of Iranon
Twos and Threes
Castes In India
Old Fort Snelling, 1819-1858
The Gland Stealers
Supply and Demand
Operation: Outer Space
The Vegetable; or, From President to Postman
In the Court of King Arthur
"I'll Leave It To You": A Light Comedy In Three Acts
Planet of Dread
The Untamed
Mince Pie
The Story of American Aviation
The mystery at lovers' cave
If You Was a Moklin
The Machine That Saved The World
The Silver Princess in Oz
The Birth of Civilization in the Near East
He
The Skylark of Valeron
Little Erik of Sweden
A History of the Cries of London, Ancient and Modern
The Onslaught from Rigel
Elizabethan Drama and Its Mad Folk: The Harness Prize Essay for 1913
The Pirates of Ersatz
"That's me all over, Mable"
Garden Pests in New Zealand: A Popular Manual for Practical Gardeners, Farmers and Schools
The Rat Race
4-1/2B, Eros
A Thousand and One Afternoons in Chicago
Way of the Lawless
Thinking as a Science
The Lamp and the Bell: A Drama In Five Acts
The Aboriginal Population of the North Coast of California
The Strangest Things in the World: A Book About Extraordinary Manifestations of Nature
The Vortex Blaster
The Defeat of Youth, and Other Poems
Ebony and Crystal: Poems in Verse and Prose
Thirsty blades
Mice & Other Poems
Kabumpo in Oz
The Cabala
Giants on the Earth
Pariah Planet
The Gnome King of Oz
The express companies of the United States : $b a study of a public utility
U.S. Marine Operations in Korea, 1950-1953, Volume 1 (of 5): The Pusan Perimeter
Daedalus : $b or, Science and the future
It is to laugh : $b A book of games and stunts
The Metal Moon
Black no more : $b Being an account of the strange and wonderful workings of science in the land of the free, A.D. 1933-1940
William—the outlaw
Gay-Neck : $b The story of a pigeon
Ships of the seven seas
Aeroplane construction : $b A handbook on the various methods and details of construction employed in the building of aeroplanes
Girl Alone
Spirits in Bondage
The Wailing Asteroid
The green bay tree : $b a novel
Erik Dorn
Little Tony of Italy
Harlem shadows : $b the poems of Claude McKay
Dead Men Tell Tales
History in English words
History of Phosphorus
Poems
The Hurricane Hunters
The Problem of the Rupee, Its Origin and Its Solution
Migration of Birds (1979)
Danny the detective
Attack: An Infantry Subaltern's Impression of July 1st, 1916
Renascence, and Other Poems
The Vortex: A Play in Three Acts
This World Is Taboo
Messalina of the suburbs
Lord Tedric
Handy Mandy in Oz
The optimist
The amateur crime
Space Platform
The Plastic Age
Phallic Miscellanies: Facts and Phases of Ancient and Modern Sex Worship, as Illustrated Chiefly in the Religions of India
Life in a Tank
Thursday Evening: A Comedy in One Act
Space Tug
The Ambulance Made Two Trips
Early autumn
The Great Dome on Mercury
The Aboriginal Population of Alameda and Contra Costa Counties, California
U.S. Marine Operations in Korea, 1950-1953, Volume 4 (of 5): The East-Central Front
Tall tales from Texas
Consequences
Father Bear and Bobby Bear
English Translations from the Greek: A Bibliographical Survey
Men I'm Not Married To
The Attack in Trench Warfare: Impressions and Reflections of a Company Commander
The Southern war poetry of the Civil War
The Judge
G. K. Chesterton, A Critical Study
Development of Gravity Pendulums in the 19th Century: Contributions from the Museum of History and Technology, Papers 34-44 On Science and Technology, Smithsonian Institution, 1966
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz
My fight for Irish freedom
The Little House in the Fairy Wood
Education as Service
Creatures of the Abyss
The Sentimentalists
The Wishing Horse of Oz
Subspace Survivors
Masters of the vortex
Robot nemesis
The Runaway Skyscraper
A long way from home
Secret armies : $b the new technique of Nazi warfare
Problems in American Democracy
The Sky Line of Spruce
The war myth in United States history
The hate disease
Over the Brazier
Shout treason : $b the trial of Aaron Burr
Forward from Babylon
Anastasia: The autobiography of H.I.H. the Grand Duchess Anastasia Nicholaevna of Russia
The fog : $b A novel
The gradual acceptance of the Copernican theory of the universe
The Wolf Cub: A Novel of Spain
Aces Up
My Chinese Marriage
Paul Bunyan
"Piracy" : $b A romantic chronicle of these days
Dere Mable: Love Letters of a Rookie
The Black Buccaneer
Tedric
Doctor
Where the Blue Begins
Murder at Bridge
An Interpretation of Friends Worship
Industries and Inventions of the Shakers: Shaker Music, a Brief History
'Neath Verdun, August-October, 1914
The Byzantines
Human Traits and their Social Significance
Eighteen months in the war zone : $b the record of a woman's work on the western front
Murder at Large
Grampa in Oz
The fire in the flint
Musical Portraits : Interpretations of Twenty Modern Composers
Little Jeanne of France
Leda
The History of the 2/6th (Rifle) Battalion, "the King's" (Liverpool Regiment) 1914-1919
American Indian Ways of Life: An Interpretation of the Archaeology of Illinois and Adjoining Areas
Challenge
The murderer
Kathleen
The Eureka Springs Story
The Hungry Tiger of Oz
Facing the chair : $b Story of the Americanization of two foreignborn workmen
Turkish Harems & Circassian Homes
The flow of time in the Connecticut valley : $b geological imprints
The Secret of Dreams
Hilaire Belloc, the man and his work
Spies and Secret Service: The story of espionage, its main systems and chief exponents
Grey Wethers: A Romantic Novel
Black Jack
Plum Pudding: Of Divers Ingredients, Discreetly Blended & Seasoned
The Delta of the Triple Elevens : $b the history of Battery D, 311th Field Artillery, United States Army, American Expeditionary Forces
The House by the River
Tales from a Rolltop Desk
Little Mexican & Other Stories
Nobody saw the ship
The Layton Court mystery
Growing Nuts in the North: A Personal Story of the Author's Experience of 33 Years with Nut Culture in Minnesota and Wisconsin
Fantazius Mallare: A Mysterious Oath
An Aviator's Field Book: Being the field reports of Oswald Bölcke, from August 1, 1914 to October 28, 1916
Ribbon in the sky
Schools of Gaul in the last century of the Western Empire : $b A study of pagan and Christian education in the last century of the Western empire
The mysterious tramp
Epilepsy, Hysteria, and Neurasthenia: Their Causes, Symptoms, & Treatment
Songs for a Little House
Armenian legends and festivals
Marching Sands
Grist
The Leader
Storm Cloud on Deka
Exploration Team
Cudjo's own story of the last African slaver
The Poet's Poet : essays on the character and mission of the poet as interpreted in English verse of the last one hundred and fifty years
The Night Horseman
Kelly of the Foreign Legion: Letters of Légionnaire Russell A. Kelly
The strange people
Streets of Night
Knole and the Sackvilles
Man or Matter: Introduction to a Spiritual Understanding of Nature on the Basis of Goethe's Method of Training Observation and Thought
Proclaim Liberty!
The Camp Fire Girls on the Open Road; Or, Glorify Work
Captain Salt in Oz
White spot
Trailin'!
Stories of the Saints by Candle-Light
The Other Now
Antietam National Battlefield, Maryland
A Yankee Flier in the Far East
Ariel Dances
Model Aeroplanes and Their Engines: A Practical Book for Beginners
Bulldog
A String of Amber Beads
B. C. 30,000
The Garden of Eden
In the Royal Naval Air Service: Being the war letters of the late Harold Rosher to his family
U.S. Marine Operations in Korea, 1950-1953, Volume 2 (of 5): The Inchon-Seoul Operation
Selected Poems
The giant horse of Oz
Rosinante to the Road Again
A Yankee Flier in Italy
Colonial Expeditions to the Interior of California Central Valley, 1800-1820
Henry James
A Thousand Degrees Below Zero
Little rays of moonshine
Wanderer of Infinity
The Mind Master
The Lost Door
Mavis of Green Hill
The harp-weaver, and other poems
The Crowded Street
Med Service
"Same old Bill, eh Mable!"
Anthem for Doomed Youth
One Man's Initiation—1917
War Letters of a Public-School Boy
Trenching at Gallipoli: The personal narrative of a Newfoundlander with the ill-fated Dardanelles expedition
The Secret Battle
La Réunion, a French Settlement in Texas
Farmhouse Plans
The vortex blaster makes war
The heel of Achilles
Tar and feathers : $b An entrancing post-war romance in which the Ku Klux Klan, its principles and activities figure prominently, based on fact
Germany, The Next Republic?
Across the Fruited Plain
Peter the Brazen: A Mystery Story of Modern China
Surnames as a Science
If You're Smart—
The Little Princess in the Wood
Men into space
Hystereo
The girl from Samarcand
Poker!
Invasion
Portia; Or, By Passions Rocked
Index of the Project Gutenberg Works of Christopher Morley
The House of Delight
Practical school discipline : $b Applied methods, part 1
Model aeroplanes: The building of model monoplanes, biplanes, etc., together with a chapter on building a model airship
Planet explorer
Pioneers of space : $b A trip to the Moon, Mars, and Venus
The green hat
Three plays : $b Lawing and jawing; Forty yards; Woofing
Operation Terror
A Yankee Flier Over Berlin
Sam, This Is You
The London Venture
Critical difference
Independent Bohemia: An Account of the Czecho-Slovak Struggle for Liberty
Adventures of a Despatch Rider
A Yankee Flier with the R.A.F.
The Aboriginal Population of the San Joaquin Valley, California
The Honey-Pot
Meteor-Men of Mars
An island hell: A Soviet prison in the far north
The Isle of Retribution
The grandfathers' war
Private Peat
The Fifth-Dimension Tube
Notes on the Kiowa Sun Dance
The Planet Mappers
The heir: A love story
Sticks and Stones: A Study of American Architecture and Civilization
Industrial Minerals and Metals of Illinois
A Man in the Zoo
Turkey, the Great Powers, and the Bagdad Railway: A study in imperialism
Wonder Tales from Tibet
Smoky, the cow horse
State of the Union Addresses
Ronicky Doone
Lords of the Stratosphere
The Strength of the Pines
The Valley of Squinting Windows
Day Dreams
Life Among the Butterflies
The Powder of Sympathy
Famous Colonial Houses
The people of the ruins : $b A story of the English Revolution and after
At Suvla Bay: Being the notes and sketches of scenes, characters and adventures of the Dardanelles campaign, made by John Hargrave ("White Fox") while serving with the 32nd field ambulance, X division, Mediterranean expeditionary force, during the great war.
Alcatraz
De turkey and de law : $b A comedy in three acts
A Matter of Importance
Talents, Incorporated
Daddy's Bedtime Bird Stories
The Romantic Lady
The Mentor: Guynemer, The Wingèd Sword of France, Vol. 6, Num. 18, Serial No. 166, November 1, 1918
Public School Life: Boys, Parents, Masters
Mary Lee
The gallery gods
Shandygaff: A number of most agreeable Inquirendoes upon Life & Letters, interspersed with Short Stories & Skits, the whole most Diverting to the Reader
Biltmore Oswald : $b The diary of a hapless recruit
The Mad Planet
The pelicans
The Glands Regulating Personality: A Study of the Glands of Internal Secretion in Relation to the Types of Human Nature
Bull Hunter
The Rangeland Avenger
Rossmoyne
The War-Workers
How to Produce Amateur Plays: A Practical Manual
Mary Lee the Red Cross Girl
Alien Minds
Danny again : $b further adventures of "Danny the Detective"
Be young again!
April's Lady: A Novel
The Book of Business Etiquette
Eastern Nights - and Flights: A Record of Oriental Adventure.
A Camera Actress in the Wilds of Togoland: The adventures, observations & experiences of a cinematograph actress in West African forests whilst collecting films depicting native life and when posing as the white woman in Anglo-African cinematograph dramas
The Rake's Progress
The Clockwork Man
Persephone of Eleusis: A Romance of Ancient Greece
Pueblo pottery making: a study at the village of San Ildefonso
Puella mea
Algeria from within
A jest and a vengeance
Gilbert Keith Chesterton
History of the Spanish Conquest of Yucatan and of the Itzas: Papers of the Peabody Museum of American Archaeology and Ethnology, Hard University. Vol. VII.
Manners and Customs of the Thrid
The Art of Lawn Tennis
Bergson and His Philosophy
The Great Drought
Mask of Death
The Silver Menace
The German Fury in Belgium: Experiences of a Netherland Journalist during four months with the German Army in Belgium
The Ecclesiastical Orders of Knighthood
Cincinnati's "Old Cunny": A Notorious Purveyor of Human Flesh
The Jazz Singer
The last space ship
The riddle of the rangeland
The Irish rebellion of 1916 : $b or, the unbroken tradition
Perseus : $b or, Of dragons
The Kink
Fanny goes to war
Attention Saint Patrick
Scrimshaw
Adenoids and Diseased Tonsils: Their Effect on General Intelligence
Silence is—Deadly
The Minoans
Creatures of Vibration
The Trail of the Elk
Green Doors
The Florentine Dagger: A Novel for Amateur Detectives
Poison-ivy, Poison-oak and Poison Sumac: Identification, Precautions and Eradication
The Dragon in Shallow Waters
Against This Age
Growing Crimson Clover
The Vanishing Comrade: A Mystery Story for Girls
Use of tobacco among North American Indians
When the birds fly south
"Green Balls" : The Adventures of a Night-Bomber
A Maid and a Million Men: the candid confessions of Leona Canwick, censored indiscreetly by James G. Dunton
My .75: Reminiscences of a Gunner of a .75m/m Battery in 1914
Myself When Young: Confessions
The Holy Piby
Above the French Lines: Letters of Stuart Walcott, American Aviator: July 4, 1917, to December 8, 1917
Madame Claire
The Chinese theater
Designs for Crazy Daisy Winder : $b Crochet Time Cut in Half
Mrs. Harter
Four Days: The Story of a War Marriage
The Undersea Tube
Jane Lends A Hand
Steel: The Diary of a Furnace Worker
Minna and Myself
Pink Ears
Spellbinders
The Unspeakable Gentleman
A Little Rebel: A Novel
The Blood of the Conquerors
Vampires of Space
How to Tie Flies
Brief Diversions: Being Tales, Travesties and Epigrams
Four-Fifty Miles to Freedom
The Story of Man In Yellowstone
Riders of the Silences
Combed Out
I Married a Ranger
Verses of a V.A.D.
Island honor
The waning of a world
The lucky little stiff
Norman Ten Hundred : $b A Record of the 1st (Service) Bn. Royal Guernsey Light Infantry
John Jones's Dollar
The Settlement of Wage Disputes
How I write my novels
When the Sleepers Woke
The Solar Magnet
The Technique of Fiction Writing
Rosemary and Rue, by Amber
Mitz and Fritz of Germany
Barry Blake of the Flying Fortress
Down South
Trench Warfare: A Manual for Officers and Men
Second April
Harrigan
The Terror from the Depths
Legends of the Skyline Drive and the Great Valley of Virginia
The Teaching of Art Related to the Home: Suggestions for content and method in related art instruction in the vocational program in home economics
The Scarecrow, and Other Stories
The Lonely Unicorn: A Novel
Don Winslow of the Navy
Nancy Dale, Army Nurse
Captains of Harley: A School Story
Expedition to Pluto
Planet of Sand
Potemkin village
Go she must!
Knights of Malta, 1523-1798
The Copper-Clad World
Kid Scanlan
A Raw Recruit's War Experiences
Airy Fairy Lilian
Ardours and Endurances; Also, A Faun's Holiday & Poems and Phantasies
A History of Bibliographies of Bibliographies
Meta toluene sulphonic acid and related compounds
Armor and Arms: An elementary handbook and guide to the collection in the City Art Museum of St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.A.
Under the periscope
Disowned
Alex the Great
Children's Stories in American History
Mammals of Mount McKinley National Park
Cutie: A Warm Mamma
Practical school discipline : $b Applied methods, part 2
How old are fossils?
Hell on ice : $b The saga of the "Jeannette"
Possession : $b a novel
Camion cartoons
The Radiant Shell
Vulcan's Workshop
Nancy of Paradise Cottage
Chimneysmoke
Songs from the Smoke
Kitty Carter, Canteen Girl
Wagner and His Music-Dramas
One Hundred Years in Yosemite: The Story of a Great Park and Its Friends
Whipperginny
We Were There at the Normandy Invasion
Napoleon and his court
Medium boiled
Political Thought in England from Locke to Bentham
Tutors' Lane
Wanted—7 Fearless Engineers!
The Raid on the Termites
The God in the Box
In the Orbit of Saturn
Shaun O'Day of Ireland
War Flying
The Lone Swallows
The swamp was upside down
When the squadron dropped anchor
The letter H, past, present, and future : $b A treatise, with rules for the silent H, based on modern usage; and notes on WH
May Fair : $b being an entertainment purporting to reveal to gentlefolk the real state of affairs existing in the very heart of London during the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fifth: together with suitable reflections on the last follies, misadventures and galanteries of these charming people
Marston and me
The Communes of Lombardy from the VI. to the X. Century: An Investigation of the Causes Which Led to the Development of Municipal Unity Among the Lombard Communes.
Morale: A Story of the War of 1941-43
Flight Through Tomorrow
Battery E in France: 149th Field Artillery, Rainbow (42nd) Division
Faith and Unfaith: A Novel
The Seven-Branched Candlestick: The Schooldays of Young American Jew
The Pier-Glass
Ancient Rome in the English novel: a study in English historical fiction
Direct methods
These charming people : $b being a tapestry of the fortunes, follies, adventures, gallantries and general activities of Shelmerdene (that lovely lady), Lord Tarlyon, Mr. Michael Wagstaffe, Mr. Ralph Wyndham Trevor and some others of their friends of the lighter sort
Callinicus : $b A defence of chemical warfare
At Ypres with Best-Dunkley
The Space Rover
Poems of West & East
Tahara Among African Tribes
Spanish and Portuguese South America during the Colonial Period; Vol. 2 of 2
The Street of Precious Pearls
The Arab conquests in Central Asia
The Adventures of Peterkin
Unparliamentary papers and other diversions
The giftie gien
The vanguard of Venus
A study of some factors influencing fertility and sterility in the bull
The Parts Men Play
The Way of the Air: A Description of Modern Aviation
Hiking Westward: Being the Story of Two Boys Whose Ambition Led Them to Face Privations and Hardships in Their Quest of a Home in the Great West
Advice: A Book of Poems
Stellar Showboat
The Vault
Short Story-Writing: An Art or a Trade?
Poems by Isaac Rosenberg
Modern French Philosophy: a Study of the Development Since Comte
This Is the End
The Red Hell of Jupiter
The Man with the Book; or, The Bible Among the People.
The Wee Scotch Piper
Nothing of Importance: A record of eight months at the front with a Welsh battalion, October, 1915, to June, 1916
In Caverns Below
The Memoirs of a Swine in the Land of Kultur; or, How it Felt to be a Prisoner of War
The sky sheriff: The pioneer spirit lives again in the Texas Airplane Patrol
Thunder on the left
Isabel Leicester: A Romance by Maude Alma
Hazel Squirrel and Other Stories
The Rise of Cotton Mills in the South
The Narrow House
Sorrow of War: Poems
Alf's Button
The Evening Post: A Century of Journalism
Introducing Irony: A Book of Poetic Short Stories and Poems
Mutiny in the Void
The Poor Man
Anti-Semitism in the United States : $b Its history and causes
Timotheus : $b or, The future of the theatre
Salute
The Camp Fire Girls on Ellen's Isle; Or, The Trail of the Seven Cedars
The Cosmic Deflector
Pirates: A comedy in one act
A Possible Solution of the Number Series on Pages 51 to 58 of the Dresden Codex
Cynthia Steps Out
Conscience & Fanaticism: An Essay on Moral Values
Through the Wheat
A Sagebrush Cinderella
Country Sentiment
The Camp Fire Girls at School; Or, The Wohelo Weavers
Balloons
The Seed of the Toc-Toc Birds
Loot of the Void
The Planetoid of Peril
Cavalry of the Clouds
The Invaders
Mrs. Geoffrey
Poems
Jonah: Christmas 1917
Chronicles of an Old Inn; Or, A Few Words about Gray's Inn
Apes and Angels
Ægle and the elf, a fantasy
Early Quaker education in Pennsylvania
This marrying
Old Mission Stories of California
The Island of Faith
The Lost Valley
A Pushcart at the Curb
Orchard and Vineyard
I Pose
A Girton Girl
Euterpe; or, The future of art
Hypatia : $b or, Woman and knowledge
The Camp Fire Girls Do Their Bit; Or, Over the Top with the Winnebagos
Spring Street: A Story of Los Angeles
The Snowshoe Trail
A Bachelor's Dream
The Stars Incline
Out of the Flame
The Laughter of Slim Malone
My mother India
Poisoned Air
Children's Stories in American Literature, 1660-1860
Years of Plenty
The Voice of the Pack
The Haunted Ship
The Feather Bed
The Cruise of the Little Dipper, and Other Fairy Tales
Exile From Venus
Migration of Birds (1950)
Blackguard
The Hoyden
Guide to Yosemite: A handbook of the trails and roads of Yosemite valley and the adjacent region
The Gunroom
Ivories Ancient and Mediæval
The World-Struggle for Oil
The Allen County War Memorial Coliseum
Half loaves
Songs for Parents
Tales of the Wilderness
The Forgotten Threshold: A Journal of Arthur Middleton
The Haunted Chamber: A Novel
Mud and Khaki: Sketches from Flanders and France
Emma Goldman: Biographical Sketch
A Syllabus of Hispanic-American History
Down the Ice, and Other Winter Sports Stories
Petrified Forest National Monument, Arizona
The Prisoners of Mainz
Phyllis
German Barbarism: A Neutral's Indictment
Five Men and Pompey: A Series of Dramatic Portraits
Shepherds of the Wild
The wonder stick
Cross Roads
A Few Figs from Thistles
The Happy Venture
Frank H. Nelson of Cincinnati
The story of my first novel; How a novel is written
Operation Earthworm
In Quest of Gold; Or, Under the Whanga Falls
Juju
Roland Whately: A Novel
Heritage
Lantern Marsh
Nappy has a new friend
Arne and the Christmas star: A story of Norway
Thomas D'Arcy McGee
Precipitations
The Death-Traps of FX-31
Adequate Preparation for the Teacher of Biological Sciences in Secondary Schools
Little Philippe of Belgium
The Girl in Industry
The Case Against Spirit Photographs
A Gringo in Mañana-Land
Reflections on the Music Life in the United States
The professor's experiment: A novel, Vol. 3 (of 3)
Tropic death
War in Heaven
How to Marry Well
Priestess of the Flame
The Martian Cabal
Poems
Hemp
Religio Journalistici
The Chemical Constituents of Piper Methysticum: Or, The Chemical Constituents of the Active Principle of the Ava Root
The professor's experiment: A novel, Vol. 1 (of 3)
Sun and moon
Then luck came in
Claire: The Blind Love of a Blind Hero, by a Blind Author
The Dawn Patrol, and other poems of an aviator
The Church on the changing frontier : $b a study of the homesteader and his church
Spanish and Portuguese South America during the Colonial Period; Vol. 1 of 2
Surrey: A Sketch-Book
Black Hawk's Warpath
Sandhya : $b Songs of twilight
The Heads of Apex
Slaves of Mercury
The Little Indian Weaver
Hawaiian Flowers
Dancers in the Dark
The conquest of cancer
The useful trees of northern Nigeria
Spawn of the Comet
Sir Walter Raleigh and the Air History: A Personal Recollection
Tatlings
Hippodrome Skating Book: Practical Illustrated Lessons in the Art of Figure Skating
Headhunters of Nuamerica
Stain Removal from Fabrics: Home Methods
The supernatural in early Spanish literature: Studied in the works of the court of Alfonso X, el Sabio
Red blight
Season's best dishes for 2 or 4 or 6
Birth control and the state : $b A plea and a forecast
The Camp Fire Girls Go Motoring; Or, Along the Road That Leads the Way
My Man Sandy
The Tale Of Mr. Peter Brown - Chelsea Justice: From "The New Decameron", Volume III.
Prize Money
Poems
Warwick, Leamington & Kenilworth: A Sketch-Book
Lunar Station
The Migration of North American Birds (1935)
Hare and Tortoise
Deems Taylor
The soul of the moving picture
An Essay on Mediæval Economic Teaching
Trees You Want to Know
Splashing Into Society
Odyssey of a hero
A Book of Exposition
The Camp Fire Girls in the Maine Woods; Or, The Winnebagos Go Camping
Only an Irish Girl
The Infra-Medians
Pirates of the Gorm
Narcissus
The postal power of Congress: A study in constitutional expansion
The Little Navajo Herder
The Sardonic Arm
Contact, and Other Stories
Severn & Somme
Two Slatterns and a King: A Moral Interlude
Ninth Avenue
The Camp Fire Girls at Camp Keewaydin; Or, Paddles Down
Twenty
The Dales of Arcady
A Theory of the Mechanism of Survival: The Fourth Dimension and Its Applications
On building a theatre: Stage construction and equipment for small theatres, schools and community
The professor's experiment: A novel, Vol. 2 (of 3)
All about Little Boy Blue
Poems
The Red House Mystery: The Piccadilly Novels
Best o' luck: How a fighting Kentuckian won the thanks of Britain's King
The vanishers
The technic of the baton : $b a handbook for students of conducting
A Little Rebel
Poems
Motion Picture Directing: The Facts and Theories of the Newest Art
Argonaut and Juggernaut
A Pictorial Guide to Mesa Verde National Park
Third Base Thatcher
Up from Methodism
Midnight
Interference and Other Football Stories
Midnight
The Adventures of a Marmotte: Sold for the Distressed Irish
Marlborough, and Other Poems
The Five Books of Youth
Dinsmore Ely, One Who Served
Lexington and Concord: A Camera Impression
War's Embers, and Other Verses
The non-stop stowaway : $b The story of a long distance flight
Kwan-yin
Shepherd Singing Ragtime, and Other Poems
Powder-Post Beetles in Buildings: What to Do About Them
Concerning Women
Sam Bass
The Enclosures in England: An Economic Reconstruction
The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh
A patriot lad of old Boston
Sink or swim? : $b a novel; vol. 1/3
Billy Baxter's Letters
The Deacon of Dobbinsville: A Story Based on Actual Happenings
Sir Isaac Brock
Practical school discipline : $b Introductory course
Comparison of Woods for Butter Boxes
Exiles of the sky
Influenza : $b An epidemiologic study
Mortal Summer
Being a summary statement of the investigation made by the British government of the "Mormon" question in England
An Introduction to the Birds of Pennsylvania
Sink or swim? : $b a novel; vol. 2/3
Sink or swim? : $b a novel; vol. 3/3
Autumn
The Tale of a Trooper
Contraband: A Tale of Modern Smugglers
Selenium cells : $b the construction, care and use of selenium cells with special reference to the Fritts cell
What Outfit, Buddy?
Big lake : $b A tragedy in two parts
"Lexington": A Pageant-Drama of the American Freedom
Over the Line
Discussion on Edison's Monoid Theory
The Bullitt Mission to Russia: Testimony before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, of William C. Bullitt
The painted swan : $b a play in three acts
